milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     81 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    201 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    308 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    308 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    373 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    636 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    834 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    834 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    903 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1308 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1499 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1499 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1564 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1731 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1879 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1879 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1941 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2604 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2604 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2687 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2800 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2935 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2936 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3022 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3259 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3398 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3398 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3469 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3977 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4113 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4114 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4167 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4285 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4465 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4465 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4558 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4733 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4835 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4835 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4925 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5404 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5518 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5518 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5588 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5747 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5939 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5940 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6031 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6100 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6285 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6285 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6358 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6813 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7009 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7009 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7090 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7156 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7303 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7303 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7404 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7700 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7801 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7801 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7853 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8222 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8405 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8406 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8471 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9091 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9233 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9233 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9303 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9798 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9966 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9966 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10020 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10509 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10692 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10692 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10774 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11299 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11445 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11445 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11508 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12081 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12231 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12231 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12322 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12912 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13070 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13070 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13140 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13555 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13707 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13708 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13763 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14395 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14572 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14572 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14640 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15145 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15303 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15304 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15380 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15889 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16035 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16035 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16109 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16786 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16905 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16905 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16990 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17419 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17524 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17524 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17609 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18250 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18431 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18431 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18511 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18894 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19084 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19085 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19162 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19839 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20032 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20033 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20096 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20365 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20470 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20471 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20550 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21294 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21478 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21479 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21566 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21705 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21808 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21808 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21892 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22909 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23013 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23013 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23101 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24353 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24483 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24483 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24540 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25766 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25941 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25941 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26032 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27220 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27387 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27387 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27456 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28653 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28761 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28761 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28830 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29935 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30097 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30097 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30168 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31486 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31674 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31675 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31730 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33033 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33145 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33145 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33233 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34494 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34667 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34667 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34748 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36032 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36136 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36137 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36233 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37333 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37533 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37533 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37589 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38780 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38903 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38903 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38971 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40245 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40381 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40381 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40480 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41691 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41864 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41864 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41936 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43151 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43325 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43325 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43404 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44576 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44729 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44729 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44815 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46106 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46212 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46212 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46303 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47490 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47657 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47657 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47750 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48981 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49139 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49139 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49236 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50365 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50518 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50518 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50583 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51841 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52042 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52042 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52122 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53335 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53524 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53524 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53578 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54819 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55014 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55014 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55076 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56213 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56325 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56325 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56408 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57665 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57835 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57835 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57886 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59139 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59272 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59272 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59348 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60562 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60678 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60679 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60734 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62005 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62177 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62177 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62262 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63487 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63636 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63636 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63713 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64948 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65103 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65103 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65171 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66547 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66648 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66648 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66747 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67995 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68141 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68141 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68206 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69568 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69755 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69756 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69836 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71299 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71430 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71430 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71499 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72727 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72868 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72868 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72955 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74251 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74444 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74444 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74537 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75751 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75854 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75854 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75935 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77249 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77410 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77410 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77463 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78745 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78894 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78894 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78973 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80231 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80384 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80384 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80455 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  81942 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82066 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82067 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82161 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  83448 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83594 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83594 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83688 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  84851 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84968 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84969 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85036 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  86465 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86652 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86652 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86750 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  87965 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88165 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88165 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88247 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  89462 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89658 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89658 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89749 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  91100 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91203 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91203 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91267 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  92613 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92780 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92780 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92845 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  94142 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94251 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94251 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94335 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  95678 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95844 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95844 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95933 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  97178 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97362 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97362 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97427 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  98739 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98880 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98880 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98975 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 100151 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100350 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100350 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100435 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 101715 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101815 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101815 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101900 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 103326 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103470 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103470 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103537 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 104766 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104940 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104940 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105020 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 106188 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106333 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106333 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106399 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 107710 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107882 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107882 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107949 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 109313 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109498 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109498 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109560 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 110944 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111066 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111067 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111129 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 112540 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112706 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112706 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112780 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 114253 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114389 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114389 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114448 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 115764 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115936 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115936 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116000 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116070 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116193 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116193 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116278 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116340 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116473 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
