milliseconds elapsed:      3 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     98 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    238 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    353 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    354 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    417 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    625 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    776 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    776 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    829 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1154 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1352 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1352 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1426 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1744 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1944 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1944 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2043 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2191 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2305 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2306 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2390 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2658 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2826 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2827 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2881 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3360 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3553 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3553 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3612 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3743 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3880 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3880 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3976 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4172 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4287 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4288 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4378 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4854 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5017 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5017 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5096 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5175 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5315 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5315 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5375 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5543 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5682 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5682 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5742 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6270 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6385 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6385 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6444 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6553 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6721 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6721 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6777 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7010 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7166 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7166 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7238 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7699 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7804 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7804 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7860 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7969 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8155 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8156 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8252 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8526 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8699 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8699 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8789 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9095 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9291 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9291 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9355 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9912 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10096 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10096 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10192 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10742 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10863 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10863 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10927 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11484 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11665 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11665 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11720 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12199 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12383 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12383 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12483 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12898 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13077 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13077 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13172 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13855 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13981 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13981 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14038 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14421 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14602 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14603 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14702 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15225 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15378 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15378 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15452 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16086 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16257 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16257 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16316 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16840 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16947 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16947 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17023 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17627 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17788 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17789 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17854 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18299 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18493 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18493 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18547 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19189 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19369 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19369 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19467 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19796 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19948 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19948 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20022 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20816 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20923 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20924 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21013 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21200 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21327 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21327 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21398 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22274 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22442 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22443 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22496 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22650 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22765 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22765 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22821 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23741 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23849 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23849 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23923 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25176 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25347 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25347 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25439 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26671 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26782 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26782 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26855 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28067 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28220 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28220 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28300 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29368 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29511 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29511 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29606 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30840 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30997 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30997 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31092 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32515 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32632 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32633 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32701 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33879 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34033 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34033 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34084 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35372 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35479 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35479 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35530 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36753 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36890 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36890 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36960 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38195 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38306 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38306 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38405 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39610 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39796 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39796 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39852 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41152 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41268 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41269 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41341 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42569 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42755 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42755 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42847 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43994 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44185 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44185 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44260 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45531 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45635 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45635 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45686 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46919 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47034 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47034 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47123 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48419 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48560 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48560 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48630 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49775 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49946 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49946 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49998 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51234 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51346 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51347 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51413 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52820 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52937 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52937 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53033 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54243 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54420 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54420 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54520 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55647 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55826 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55827 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55902 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57096 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57212 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57212 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57284 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58545 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58659 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58659 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58732 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59963 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60147 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60147 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60225 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61373 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61510 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61510 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61573 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62943 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63134 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63134 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63233 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64330 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64470 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64470 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64550 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65915 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66068 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66068 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66133 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67414 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67515 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67515 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67567 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68891 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69078 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69079 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69137 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70639 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70823 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70823 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70881 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72106 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72225 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72226 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72326 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73691 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73804 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73804 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73903 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75115 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75314 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75315 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75390 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76629 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76764 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76765 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76832 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78156 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78269 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78269 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78350 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79624 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79790 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79790 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79880 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  81210 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81402 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81402 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81471 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  82799 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83000 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83001 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83066 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  84264 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84369 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84370 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84458 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  85801 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85964 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85965 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86048 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  87417 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87519 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87519 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87595 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  88852 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88990 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88990 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89069 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  90480 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90639 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90639 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90731 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  91944 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92106 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92106 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92183 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  93594 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93744 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93744 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93832 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  94933 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95129 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95129 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95198 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  96538 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96669 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96669 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96760 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  98105 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98235 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98236 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98331 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  99560 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99685 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99685 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99744 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 101101 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101286 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101286 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101375 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 102687 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102850 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102850 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102950 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 104230 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104353 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104353 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104448 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 105617 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105724 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105724 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105805 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 107086 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107216 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107216 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107312 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 108673 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108854 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108854 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108908 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 110233 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110409 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110409 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110506 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 111886 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111992 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111992 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112067 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 113534 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113730 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113730 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113821 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 115152 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115324 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115324 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115378 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116591 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116785 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
