milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     82 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    308 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    485 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    485 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    537 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    834 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1001 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1001 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1074 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1499 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1665 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1665 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1731 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1879 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2025 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2025 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2090 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2604 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2745 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2745 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2843 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2935 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3124 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3124 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3186 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3398 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3564 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3564 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3642 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4113 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4285 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4285 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4380 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4465 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4633 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4634 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4711 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4835 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4939 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4939 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5011 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5518 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5678 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5678 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5753 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5940 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6061 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6061 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6132 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6285 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6412 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6412 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6510 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7009 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7156 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7156 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7234 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7303 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7405 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7405 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7486 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7801 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7958 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7958 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8011 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8405 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8592 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8592 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8661 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9233 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9336 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9336 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9432 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9966 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10080 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10080 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10174 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10692 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10859 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10859 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10911 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11445 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11590 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11591 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11657 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12231 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12344 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12344 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12417 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13070 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13198 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13198 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13265 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13707 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13817 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13817 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13890 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14572 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14685 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14685 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14784 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15304 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15486 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15486 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15577 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16035 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16227 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16227 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16290 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16905 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17097 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17097 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17174 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17524 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17688 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17688 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17754 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18431 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18546 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18546 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18601 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19084 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19248 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19248 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19310 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20032 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20214 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20214 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20294 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20470 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20647 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20647 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20744 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21478 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21677 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21677 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21732 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21868 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22058 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22058 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22154 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23013 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23207 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23207 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23287 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24483 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24631 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24631 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24728 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25941 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26053 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26054 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26135 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27387 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27489 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27489 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27572 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28761 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28884 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28884 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28951 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30097 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30235 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30235 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30333 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31674 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31869 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31869 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31959 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33145 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33306 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33306 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33361 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34667 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34798 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34798 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34860 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36136 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36244 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36244 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36339 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37533 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37667 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37667 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37763 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38903 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39076 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39076 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39166 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40381 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40519 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40519 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40584 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41864 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42039 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42039 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42131 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43325 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43469 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43469 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43549 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44729 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44924 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44925 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44988 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46212 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46336 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46337 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46418 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47657 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47776 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47777 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47857 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49139 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49272 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49272 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49362 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50518 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50626 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50627 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50679 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52042 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52207 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52207 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52259 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53524 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53724 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53724 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53802 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55014 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55148 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55148 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55245 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56325 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56486 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56486 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56554 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57835 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58007 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58007 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58096 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59272 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59398 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59398 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59491 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60678 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60853 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60853 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60904 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62177 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62289 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62289 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62389 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63636 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63784 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63784 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63865 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65103 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65271 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65271 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65358 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66648 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66782 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66783 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66839 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68141 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68267 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68267 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68341 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69755 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69944 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69944 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70006 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71430 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71540 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71541 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71614 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72868 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73057 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73057 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73114 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74444 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74559 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74559 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74610 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75854 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76009 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76009 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76100 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77410 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77526 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77526 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77614 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78894 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79093 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79093 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79172 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80384 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80544 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80544 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80635 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  82066 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82191 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82191 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82246 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  83594 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83700 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83701 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83798 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  84968 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85146 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85146 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85213 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  86652 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86782 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86782 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86882 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  88165 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88287 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88287 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88382 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  89658 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89801 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89802 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89857 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  91203 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91337 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91337 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91422 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  92780 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92964 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92964 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93063 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  94251 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94416 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94416 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94474 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  95844 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95995 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95995 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96090 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  97362 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97497 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97497 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97587 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  98880 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99020 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99020 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99098 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 100350 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100528 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100528 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100622 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 101815 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101997 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101997 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102052 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 103470 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103581 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103581 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103669 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 104940 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105092 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105092 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105158 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 106333 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106468 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106468 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106549 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 107882 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107996 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107996 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108082 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 109498 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109613 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109613 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109682 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 111066 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111221 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111221 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111304 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 112706 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112872 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112872 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112961 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 114389 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114587 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114587 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114642 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 115936 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116070 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116070 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116132 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116203 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116340 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116340 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116399 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116480 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116586 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
