milliseconds elapsed:      3 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     93 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    238 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    436 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    436 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    523 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    957 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1154 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1154 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1226 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1476 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1609 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1609 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1659 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2139 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2288 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2288 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2365 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2619 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2619 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2712 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2944 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3111 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3111 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3189 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3675 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3841 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3841 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3933 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4020 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4159 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4159 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4215 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4465 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4618 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4618 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4713 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5174 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5279 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5279 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5332 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5471 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5578 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5578 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5643 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5795 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5981 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5981 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6074 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6488 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6622 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6623 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6689 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6840 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6982 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6982 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7049 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7337 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7518 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7518 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7582 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7969 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8117 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8117 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8186 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8291 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8421 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8421 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8478 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8836 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8987 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8987 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9050 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9462 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9612 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9612 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9684 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10291 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10396 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10396 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10487 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11002 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11104 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11104 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11197 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11772 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11939 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11939 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12028 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12579 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12734 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12734 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12807 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13274 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13422 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13423 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13513 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14121 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14260 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14260 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14350 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14755 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14947 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14947 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15005 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15507 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15689 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15689 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15785 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16433 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16620 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16620 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16678 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17136 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17316 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17316 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17371 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17934 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18080 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18080 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18145 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18650 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18750 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18750 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18805 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19540 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19640 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19641 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19722 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20075 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20186 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20186 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20266 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21069 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21173 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21173 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21237 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21431 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21569 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21569 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21644 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22621 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22793 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22793 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22880 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22909 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23014 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23014 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23100 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24049 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24208 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24208 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24264 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25467 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25648 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25648 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25722 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26982 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27106 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27106 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27190 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28325 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28503 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28503 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28591 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29644 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29745 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29745 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29809 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31165 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31361 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31361 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31430 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32790 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32928 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32928 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32985 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34176 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34316 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34316 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34374 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35670 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35838 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35838 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35905 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36995 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37193 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37194 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37263 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38442 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38584 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38584 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38666 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39993 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40110 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40111 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40208 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41381 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41537 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41538 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41600 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42875 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43001 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43001 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43101 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44307 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44421 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44421 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44498 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45776 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45908 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45909 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45989 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47153 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47341 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47342 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47422 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48715 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48835 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48835 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48898 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50084 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50245 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50246 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50312 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51519 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51715 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51715 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51772 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53059 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53184 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53184 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53259 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54534 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54658 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54659 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54712 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55933 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56066 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56066 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56122 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57398 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57507 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57507 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57583 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58851 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58981 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58981 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59079 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60294 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60442 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60442 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60512 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61684 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61869 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61870 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61946 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63244 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63355 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63356 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63447 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64595 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64750 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64751 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64845 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66230 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66397 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66398 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66481 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67684 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67868 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67868 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67920 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69269 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69428 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69428 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69511 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70931 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71111 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71112 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71184 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72404 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72587 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72587 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72643 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73956 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74075 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74075 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74137 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75449 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75630 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75630 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75697 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76889 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77058 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77058 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77145 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78413 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78610 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78610 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78662 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79935 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80110 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80111 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80176 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  81562 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81741 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81741 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81839 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  83124 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83259 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83260 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83358 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  84488 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84668 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84668 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84727 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  86127 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86317 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86317 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86400 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  87640 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87787 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87787 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87853 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  89143 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89327 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89328 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89427 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  90745 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90911 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90911 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90978 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  92295 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92434 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92434 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92502 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  93909 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94015 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94015 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94086 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  95305 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95482 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95482 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95561 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  96846 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97006 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97006 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97066 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  98433 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98599 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98599 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98692 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  99814 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99957 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99957 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100039 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 101462 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101587 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101587 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101644 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 103033 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103179 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103179 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103257 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 104481 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104619 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104620 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104703 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 105869 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106030 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106030 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106124 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 107359 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107547 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107547 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107628 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 109002 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109153 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109153 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109239 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 110577 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110745 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110746 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110816 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 112186 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112382 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112383 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112441 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 113902 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114060 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114061 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114124 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 115471 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115599 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115599 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115650 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116891 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 117091 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
