milliseconds elapsed:      4 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     80 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    202 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    380 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    380 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    479 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    675 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    821 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    821 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    914 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1177 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1372 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1373 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1450 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1768 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1876 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1876 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1936 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2208 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2372 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2372 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2423 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2902 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3044 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3044 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3118 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3249 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3378 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3378 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3463 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3758 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3915 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3915 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3967 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4426 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4574 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4574 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4659 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4745 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4924 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4924 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4975 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5082 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5197 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5197 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5253 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5843 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6019 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6019 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6120 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6174 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6331 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6332 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6432 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6584 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6709 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6709 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6800 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7280 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7385 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7386 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7436 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7512 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7674 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7674 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7747 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8074 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8259 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8259 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8343 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8695 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8836 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8836 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8895 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9528 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9630 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9630 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9700 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10272 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10434 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10434 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10495 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11004 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11107 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11107 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11191 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11712 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11838 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11839 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11909 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12445 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12574 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12574 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12628 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13398 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13548 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13548 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13618 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14005 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14193 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14193 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14269 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14796 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14910 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14910 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14990 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15615 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15761 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15761 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15814 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16359 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16529 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16529 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16593 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17285 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17388 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17388 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17479 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17788 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17972 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17972 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18039 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18707 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18809 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18809 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18883 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19354 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19491 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19491 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19575 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20398 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20562 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20563 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20631 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20765 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20953 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20953 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21045 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21868 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21994 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21994 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22060 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22193 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22320 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22321 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22390 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23360 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23466 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23466 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23525 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24769 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24884 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24884 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24955 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26190 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26355 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26355 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26416 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27641 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27764 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27764 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27818 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28990 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29157 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29157 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29257 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30376 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30513 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30513 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30576 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32049 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32237 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32238 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32306 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33436 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33599 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33599 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33677 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34898 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35077 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35077 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35170 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36402 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36525 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36525 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36615 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37793 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37900 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37900 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38000 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39196 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39358 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39358 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39445 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40699 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40845 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40845 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40943 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42181 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42313 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42313 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42380 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43571 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43694 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43695 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43778 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45080 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45281 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45281 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45345 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46449 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46642 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46642 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46695 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47903 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48047 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48047 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48101 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49403 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49520 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49521 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49598 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50802 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50980 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50981 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51054 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52353 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52484 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52484 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52584 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53827 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54002 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54002 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54089 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55258 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55358 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55358 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55411 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56615 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56790 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56791 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56862 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58159 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58289 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58289 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58361 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59561 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59700 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59700 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59784 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61027 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61129 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61129 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61193 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62428 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62618 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62619 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62719 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63907 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64010 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64010 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64102 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65422 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65596 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65596 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65680 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66949 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67134 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67135 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67205 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68402 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68507 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68508 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68597 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70132 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70302 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70302 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70392 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71727 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71862 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71862 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71919 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73230 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73373 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73373 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73473 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74698 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74813 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74813 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74866 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76127 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76310 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76310 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76388 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77665 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77827 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77827 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77901 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79198 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79352 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79353 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79453 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80725 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80887 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80887 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80938 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  82361 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82551 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82552 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82638 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  83871 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84035 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84035 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84112 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  85335 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85465 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85465 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85535 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  86958 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87157 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87157 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87218 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  88476 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88636 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88637 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88705 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  89988 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90139 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90139 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90233 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  91468 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91590 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91591 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91667 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  93150 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93251 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93251 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93334 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  94523 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94638 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94638 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94732 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  96098 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96225 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96225 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96310 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  97661 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97783 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97783 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97852 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  99179 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99323 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99324 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99392 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 100705 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100832 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100832 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100930 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 102189 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102333 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102333 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102429 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 103712 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103882 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103882 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103974 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 105202 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105310 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105310 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105410 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 106606 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106781 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106781 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106878 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 108195 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108379 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108379 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108438 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 109763 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109885 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109885 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109950 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 111361 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111549 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111549 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111617 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 113069 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113251 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113251 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113301 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 114783 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114912 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114912 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114999 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116203 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116350 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116350 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116418 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116480 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116656 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
