milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     54 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     55 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    201 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    201 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    273 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    436 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    636 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    636 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    711 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1154 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1308 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1308 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1361 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1609 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1731 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1732 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1815 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2288 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2427 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2478 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2619 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2800 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2800 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2855 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3111 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3259 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3259 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3331 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3841 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3977 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3977 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4049 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4159 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4279 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4279 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4331 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4618 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4733 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4733 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4794 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5279 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5404 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5404 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5480 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5578 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5747 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5747 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5822 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5981 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6100 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6100 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6158 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6622 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6813 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6813 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6913 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7009 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7143 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7143 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7223 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7518 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7700 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7700 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7755 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8117 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8221 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8222 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8316 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8421 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8526 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8527 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8585 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8987 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9091 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9091 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9175 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9612 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9798 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9798 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9880 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10396 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10509 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10510 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10586 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11104 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11299 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11299 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11390 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11939 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12081 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12081 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12158 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12734 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12912 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12913 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12989 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13422 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13555 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13555 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13631 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14260 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14395 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14395 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14456 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14947 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15145 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15145 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15222 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15689 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15889 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15889 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15954 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16620 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16786 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16787 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16848 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17316 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17418 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17419 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17518 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18080 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18250 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18250 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18331 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18750 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18894 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18894 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18947 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19640 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19839 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19839 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19932 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20186 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20365 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20365 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20433 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21173 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21294 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21294 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21362 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21569 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21705 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21705 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21761 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22793 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22909 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22909 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22997 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23014 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23131 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23131 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23183 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24208 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24353 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24353 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24416 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25648 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25766 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25766 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25842 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27106 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27220 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27220 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27319 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28503 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28652 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28653 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28706 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29745 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29935 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29935 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30003 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31361 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31486 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31486 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31540 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32928 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33033 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33033 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33116 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34316 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34494 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34495 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34571 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35838 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36032 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36032 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36086 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37193 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37333 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37333 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37395 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38584 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38780 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38780 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38864 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40110 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40245 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40245 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40313 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41538 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41691 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41692 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41780 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43001 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43151 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43152 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43237 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44421 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44576 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44576 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44653 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45908 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46106 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46106 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46167 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47341 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47490 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47490 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47562 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48835 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48980 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48981 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49065 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50246 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50365 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50365 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50431 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51715 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51841 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51841 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51939 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53184 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53335 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53335 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53398 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54658 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54819 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54820 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54919 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56066 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56213 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56213 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56263 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57507 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57665 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57665 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57741 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58981 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59139 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59140 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59218 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60442 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60562 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60562 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60644 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61869 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62005 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62005 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62072 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63355 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63487 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63487 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63563 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64750 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64948 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64948 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65001 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66398 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66546 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66547 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66628 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67868 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67995 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67995 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68077 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69428 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69568 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69568 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69665 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71111 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71299 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71299 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71359 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72587 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72727 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72727 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72803 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74075 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74251 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74251 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74311 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75630 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75751 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75751 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75841 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77058 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77249 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77250 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77349 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78610 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78745 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78745 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78827 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80110 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80231 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80231 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80316 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  81741 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81942 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81942 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82042 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  83259 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83448 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83448 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83535 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  84668 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84851 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84851 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84907 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  86317 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86465 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86465 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86537 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  87787 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87965 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87966 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88045 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  89328 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89462 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89462 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89515 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  90911 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91099 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91100 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91197 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  92434 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92613 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92613 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92698 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  94015 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94142 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94143 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94221 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  95482 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95678 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95678 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95775 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  97006 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97178 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97179 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97275 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  98599 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98739 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98739 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98804 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  99957 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100151 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100151 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100228 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 101587 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101715 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101715 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101815 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 103179 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103326 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103326 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103389 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 104619 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104766 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104766 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104826 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 106030 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106188 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106188 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106263 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 107547 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107710 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107710 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107780 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 109153 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109313 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109313 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109398 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 110745 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110944 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110944 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111009 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 112382 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112540 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112540 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112601 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 114060 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114253 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114253 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114313 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 115599 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115764 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
