milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     63 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     63 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    202 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    202 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    273 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    485 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    675 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    675 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    744 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1001 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1177 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1177 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1247 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1665 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1768 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1769 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1841 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2025 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2208 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2208 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2259 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2745 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2902 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2903 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2980 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3124 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3248 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3249 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3342 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3564 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3758 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3758 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3833 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4285 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4426 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4426 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4480 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4633 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4745 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4745 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4830 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4939 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5081 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5082 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5167 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5678 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5843 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5843 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5939 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6061 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6174 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6174 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6244 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6412 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6584 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6584 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6654 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7156 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7280 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7280 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7333 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7405 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7507 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7507 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7597 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7958 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8074 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8074 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8155 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8592 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8695 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8695 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8773 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9336 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9528 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9528 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9604 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10080 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10272 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10272 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10338 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10859 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11004 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11004 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11076 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11590 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11712 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11712 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11797 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12344 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12445 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12445 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12500 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13198 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13398 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13399 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13460 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13817 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14005 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14005 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14073 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14685 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14796 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14796 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14874 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15486 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15615 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15615 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15677 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16227 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16359 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16359 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16433 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17097 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17284 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17285 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17344 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17688 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17788 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17789 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17852 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18546 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18707 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18707 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18780 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19248 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19354 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19354 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19413 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20214 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20398 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20398 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20472 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20647 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20765 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20765 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20830 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21677 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21868 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21868 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21923 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22058 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22193 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22193 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22269 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23207 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23359 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23360 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23416 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24631 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24769 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24769 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24829 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26053 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26190 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26190 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26251 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27489 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27641 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27641 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27718 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28884 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28990 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28990 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29067 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30235 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30376 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30376 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30428 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31869 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32049 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32049 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32118 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33306 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33436 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33437 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33504 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34798 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34898 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34898 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34954 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36244 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36402 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36402 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36455 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37667 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37793 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37793 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37853 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39076 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39196 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39197 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39259 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40519 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40698 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40699 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40768 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42039 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42181 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42181 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42273 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43469 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43571 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43571 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43658 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44924 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45080 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45080 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45161 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46336 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46449 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46449 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46545 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47776 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47903 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47903 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47972 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49272 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49403 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49403 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49461 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50627 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50802 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50803 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50881 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52207 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52353 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52354 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52420 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53724 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53827 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53827 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53900 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55148 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55258 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55258 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55349 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56486 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56614 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56615 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56667 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58007 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58159 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58159 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58248 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59398 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59561 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59561 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59626 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60853 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61027 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61027 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61099 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62289 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62428 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62428 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62519 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63784 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63907 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63907 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64003 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65271 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65422 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65422 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65505 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66782 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66949 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66949 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67048 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68267 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68402 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68402 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68476 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69944 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70132 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70132 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70195 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71540 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71727 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71727 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71806 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73057 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73230 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73230 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73303 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74559 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74698 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74698 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74788 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76009 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76127 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76127 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76198 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77526 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77665 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77666 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77732 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79093 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79198 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79198 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79296 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80544 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80725 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80726 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80824 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  82191 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82361 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82361 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82426 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  83700 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83871 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83871 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83944 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  85146 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85335 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85335 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85414 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  86782 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86958 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86958 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87043 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  88287 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88476 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88476 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88564 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  89801 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89988 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89988 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90048 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  91337 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91468 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91468 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91566 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  92964 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93150 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93150 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93243 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  94416 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94523 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94523 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94581 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  95995 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96098 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96098 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96149 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  97497 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97661 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97662 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97758 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  99020 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99179 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99179 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99231 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 100528 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100705 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100705 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100779 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 101997 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102189 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102189 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102256 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 103581 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103711 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103712 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103769 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 105092 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105202 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105202 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105264 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 106468 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106606 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106606 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106666 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 107996 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108195 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108196 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108285 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 109613 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109763 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109763 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109841 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 111221 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111361 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111361 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111430 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 112872 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113069 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113069 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113156 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 114587 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114783 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114783 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 114839 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116070 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116203 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116203 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116270 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116350 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116480 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
