milliseconds elapsed:      3 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     70 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     70 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    238 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    238 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    337 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    776 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    957 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    957 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1037 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1352 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1476 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1476 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1534 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1944 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2139 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2140 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2214 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2306 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2416 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2416 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2500 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2826 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2944 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2944 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3022 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3553 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3675 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3676 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3747 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3880 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4020 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4020 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4102 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4288 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4465 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4465 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4558 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5017 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5174 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5174 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5254 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5315 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5471 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5471 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5551 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5682 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5795 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5795 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5892 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6385 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6488 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6488 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6543 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6721 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6840 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6840 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6939 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7166 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7337 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7338 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7413 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7804 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7969 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7969 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8023 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8156 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8291 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8291 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8372 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8699 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8836 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8836 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8900 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9291 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9462 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9463 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9543 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10096 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10291 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10292 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10384 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10863 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11002 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11002 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11098 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11665 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11772 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11772 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11844 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12383 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12579 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12579 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12673 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13077 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13274 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13274 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13359 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13981 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14121 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14121 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14173 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14602 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14755 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14755 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14810 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15378 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15507 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15507 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15602 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16257 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16433 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16433 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16520 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16947 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17135 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17136 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17198 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17788 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17934 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17935 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18019 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18493 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18650 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18650 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18718 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19369 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19539 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19540 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19595 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19948 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20075 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20075 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20167 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20923 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21069 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21069 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21147 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21327 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21431 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21432 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21506 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22442 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22620 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22620 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22720 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22793 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22894 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22894 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22947 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23849 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24049 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24050 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24137 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25347 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25467 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25467 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25553 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26782 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26982 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26983 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27073 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28220 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28325 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28325 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29511 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29644 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29644 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29708 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30997 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31165 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31165 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31226 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32632 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32790 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32790 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32852 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34033 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34176 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34176 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34229 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35479 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35670 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35671 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35735 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36890 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36995 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36995 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37087 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38306 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38442 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38442 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38533 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39796 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39993 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39994 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40066 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41268 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41381 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41381 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41469 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42755 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42875 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42876 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42927 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44185 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44307 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44307 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44394 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45635 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45776 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45776 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45865 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47034 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47153 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47153 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47237 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48560 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48715 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48716 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48804 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49946 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50084 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50084 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50183 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51347 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51519 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51519 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51577 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52937 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53059 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53059 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53110 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54420 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54534 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54535 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54611 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55826 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55933 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55933 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56023 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57212 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57398 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57399 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57483 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58659 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58851 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58851 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58913 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60147 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60294 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60294 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60381 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61510 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61684 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61684 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61777 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63134 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63244 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63244 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63297 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64470 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64595 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64595 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64684 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66068 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66230 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66230 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66280 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67515 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67684 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67684 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67773 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69078 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69269 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69269 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69333 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70823 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70931 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70931 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71018 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72225 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72404 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72404 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72483 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73804 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73956 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73956 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74043 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75314 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75449 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75449 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75525 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76764 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76889 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76889 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76940 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78269 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78413 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78413 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78506 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79790 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79935 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79935 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80020 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  81402 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81562 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81562 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81634 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  83000 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83124 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83124 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  83214 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  84370 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84488 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84488 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84576 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  85965 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86127 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86127 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  86199 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  87519 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87640 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87640 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87698 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  88990 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89143 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89143 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  89210 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  90639 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90745 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90745 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90801 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  92106 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92294 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92294 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92375 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  93744 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93909 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93909 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93988 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  95129 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95305 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95306 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95358 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  96669 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96846 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96846 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96914 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  98235 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98433 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98433 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98495 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  99685 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99814 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99814 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99866 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 101286 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101462 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101462 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101543 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 102850 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103033 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103034 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 103094 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 104353 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104481 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104481 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104546 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 105724 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105869 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105869 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105923 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 107216 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107359 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107359 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107444 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 108854 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109002 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109002 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 109064 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 110409 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110577 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110577 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110647 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 111992 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112186 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112186 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 112260 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 113730 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113902 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113902 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113992 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 115324 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115471 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115471 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115553 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116785 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116891 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
