milliseconds elapsed:      3 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    101 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    380 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    506 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    506 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    596 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    821 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    993 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    994 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1068 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1372 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1560 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1560 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1615 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1876 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2059 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2059 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2151 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2372 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2546 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2546 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2619 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3044 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3181 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3181 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3270 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3378 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3503 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3503 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3602 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3915 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4054 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4054 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4108 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4574 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4695 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4695 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4754 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4924 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5067 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5067 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5121 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5197 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5370 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5370 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5440 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6019 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6161 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6162 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6212 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6331 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6434 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6434 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6485 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6709 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6857 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6857 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6910 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7385 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7512 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7512 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7572 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7699 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7800 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7800 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7894 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8259 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8419 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8419 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8509 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8836 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8960 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8960 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9027 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9630 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9784 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9785 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9863 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10434 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10596 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10596 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10667 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11107 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11284 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11285 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11381 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11838 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12005 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12005 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12105 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12574 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12733 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12733 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12805 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13548 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13656 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13656 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13709 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14193 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14319 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14320 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14397 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14910 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15107 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15108 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15199 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15761 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15901 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15901 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15990 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16529 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16725 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16725 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16825 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17388 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17511 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17511 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17582 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17972 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18100 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18100 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18156 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18809 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18997 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18997 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19056 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19491 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19605 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19606 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19697 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20562 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20675 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20675 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20730 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20953 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21056 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21057 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21128 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21994 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22167 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22167 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22267 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22320 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22480 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22480 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22554 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23466 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23576 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23577 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23671 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24884 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25010 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25010 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25110 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26355 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26481 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26481 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26581 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27764 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27879 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27879 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27965 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29157 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29258 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29258 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29347 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30513 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30654 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30655 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30708 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32238 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32387 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32388 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32482 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33599 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33727 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33727 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33801 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35077 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35224 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35224 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35320 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36525 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36637 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36637 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36703 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37900 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38042 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38042 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38117 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39358 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39484 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39484 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39565 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40845 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41044 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41044 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41102 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42313 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42419 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42420 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42478 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43694 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43822 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43822 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43913 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45281 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45429 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45429 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45491 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46642 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46807 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46807 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46903 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48047 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48235 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48235 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48323 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49521 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49658 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49658 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49749 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50980 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51089 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51089 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51169 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52484 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52632 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52632 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52684 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54002 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54116 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54116 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54184 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55358 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55480 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55480 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55574 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56790 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56909 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56909 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56976 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58289 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58413 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58414 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58464 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59700 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59829 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59829 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59891 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61129 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61256 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61256 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61326 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62618 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62751 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62751 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62847 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64010 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64210 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64210 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64282 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65596 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65749 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65750 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65811 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67135 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67239 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67239 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67297 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68507 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68690 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68690 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68781 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70302 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70501 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70501 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70570 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71862 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71968 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71968 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72062 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73373 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73512 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73512 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73579 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74813 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74985 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74985 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75055 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76310 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76433 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76433 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76501 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77827 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77985 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77986 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78047 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79352 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79480 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79480 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79533 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80887 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81084 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81084 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81183 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  82552 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82692 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82692 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82763 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  84035 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84144 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84145 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84207 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  85465 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85614 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85615 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85709 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  87157 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87313 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87313 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87396 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  88636 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88745 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88745 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88808 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  90139 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90320 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90320 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90383 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  91590 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91757 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91757 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91858 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  93251 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93404 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93404 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93482 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  94638 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94827 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94827 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94911 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  96225 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96393 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96393 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96470 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  97783 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97971 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  97971 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98022 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  99323 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99428 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99428 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99510 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 100832 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100962 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 100962 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101013 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 102333 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102526 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102526 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102601 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 103882 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104080 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104080 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104144 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 105310 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105420 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105420 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105503 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 106781 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106949 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 106949 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107001 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 108379 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108551 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108551 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108613 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 109885 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110034 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110035 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110118 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 111549 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111711 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111711 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111763 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 113251 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113364 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113365 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113427 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 114912 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115018 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115018 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115111 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116350 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116474 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116474 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116530 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116656 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116784 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
