milliseconds elapsed:      3 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     56 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     56 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    192 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    192 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    293 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    506 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    625 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    626 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    677 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    993 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1154 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1154 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1247 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1560 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1744 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1745 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1830 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2059 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2191 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2191 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2261 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2546 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2657 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2658 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2746 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3181 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3360 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3360 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3461 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3553 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3743 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3743 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3832 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4054 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4172 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4172 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4269 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4695 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4854 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4854 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4949 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5067 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5175 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5175 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5250 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5370 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5542 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5543 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5643 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6161 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6270 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6270 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6330 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6434 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6553 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6553 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6632 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6857 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7010 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7010 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7107 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7512 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7699 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7699 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7764 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7804 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7950 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7950 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8024 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8419 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8526 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8527 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8625 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8960 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9095 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9095 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9160 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9784 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9912 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9912 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9990 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10596 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10742 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10742 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10822 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11285 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11484 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11484 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11552 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12005 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12199 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12199 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12296 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12733 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12898 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12898 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12974 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13656 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13854 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13855 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13905 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14319 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14421 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14421 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14494 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15107 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15225 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15225 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15293 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15901 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16086 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16087 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16166 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16725 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16840 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16841 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16907 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17511 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17626 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17627 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17714 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18100 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18299 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18300 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18382 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18997 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19189 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19189 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19284 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19605 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19796 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19796 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19880 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20675 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20816 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20816 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20874 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21056 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21200 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21200 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21299 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22167 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22274 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22274 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22348 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22480 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22650 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22650 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22716 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23576 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23741 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23741 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23817 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25010 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25176 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25177 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25277 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26481 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26671 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26671 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26723 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27879 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28067 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28067 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28157 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29258 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29368 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29368 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29436 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30655 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30840 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30840 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30939 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32388 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32515 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32515 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32596 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33727 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33879 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33879 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33948 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35224 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35372 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35372 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35471 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36637 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36753 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36753 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36837 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38042 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38195 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38195 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38289 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39485 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39610 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39610 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39678 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41044 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41152 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41152 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41221 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42419 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42569 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42569 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42627 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43822 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43994 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43995 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44093 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45429 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45531 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45531 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45590 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46807 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46919 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46920 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46972 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48235 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48419 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48419 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48486 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49658 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49775 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49775 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49872 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51089 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51234 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51234 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51308 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52632 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52820 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52820 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52879 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54116 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54243 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54243 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54319 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55480 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55647 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55647 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55715 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56909 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57096 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57096 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57156 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58413 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58545 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58545 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58634 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59829 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59963 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59963 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60046 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61256 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61373 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61374 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61432 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62751 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62943 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62943 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62995 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64210 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64330 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64331 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64390 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65749 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65915 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65915 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65998 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67239 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67414 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67414 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67467 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68690 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68891 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68891 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68973 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70501 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70638 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70639 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70714 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71968 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72106 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72106 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72204 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73512 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73691 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73691 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73771 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74985 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75115 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75115 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75184 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76433 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76629 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76629 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76714 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77985 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78156 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78156 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78219 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79480 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79624 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79625 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79715 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  81084 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81210 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81211 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81304 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  82692 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82799 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82800 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  82879 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  84144 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84264 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84264 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  84357 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  85614 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85801 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85801 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  85896 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  87313 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87417 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87417 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  87487 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  88745 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88852 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88852 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  88916 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  90320 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90480 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90480 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  90539 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  91757 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91944 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  91944 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  92020 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  93404 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93594 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93594 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  93681 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  94827 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94933 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  94933 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  95012 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  96393 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96538 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96538 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  96629 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  97971 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98105 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98105 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  98184 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  99428 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99560 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99561 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  99638 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 100962 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101101 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101101 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 101160 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 102526 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102687 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102687 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 102741 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 104080 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104230 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104230 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 104304 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 105420 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105617 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105617 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 105709 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 106949 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107086 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107086 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 107176 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 108551 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108673 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108673 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 108736 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 110035 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110233 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110233 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 110329 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 111711 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111886 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111886 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 111976 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 113364 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113534 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113534 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 113596 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 115018 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115152 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115152 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed: 115232 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed: 116474 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed: 116591 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
