Script started on Monday 24 September 2018 04:42:28 PM IST
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [Kscript typescript_dpp_DL[24Dclear                   [19Dmake [?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m make[K
gcc dpp_DL.c -o dpp_DL -lpthread
run as ./dpp_DL -n num_of_philosophers
gcc dpp_DLF_semaphore.c -o dpp_DLF_semaphore -lpthread -lm
run as ./dpp_DLF_semaphore -n num_of_philosophers
gcc dpp_DLF_mutex.c -o dpp_DLF_mutex -lpthread
run as ./dpp_DLF_mutex -n num_of_philosophers
gcc dpp_DLF_oddeven.c -o dpp_DLF_oddeven -lpthread
run as ./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n num_of_philosophers
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K../dpp_DLF  -n 6[?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m ./dpp_DL -n 6[K
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      2 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     54 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     54 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:     72 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     81 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     81 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     81 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:     82 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     86 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    196 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    196 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    196 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    246 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    251 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    251 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    251 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    337 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    381 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    382 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    381 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    394 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    394 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    394 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    432 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    450 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    482 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    482 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    482 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    501 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    501 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    501 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    545 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    595 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    624 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    624 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    624 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    674 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    674 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    674 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    693 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    768 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    809 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    809 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    809 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    823 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    823 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    823 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    876 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    880 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    926 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    926 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    926 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1005 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1005 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1005 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1024 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1092 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1100 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1115 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1115 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1115 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1157 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1157 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1157 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1201 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1220 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1273 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1273 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1309 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1309 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1309 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1309 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1349 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1361 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1461 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1461 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1487 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1487 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1487 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1487 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1542 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1585 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1640 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1640 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1642 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1642 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1642 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1642 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1701 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1735 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1759 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1759 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1787 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1787 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1787 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1787 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1830 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1847 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1904 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1904 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1956 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1956 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1956 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1956 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1986 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2017 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2102 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2102 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2103 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2157 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2157 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2157 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2162 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2210 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2210 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2210 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2216 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2269 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2310 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2310 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2310 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2330 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2330 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2330 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2381 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2397 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2415 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2415 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2415 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2478 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2478 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2479 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2509 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2528 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2528 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2528 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2538 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2579 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2633 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2633 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2676 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2676 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2676 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2677 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2731 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2741 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2811 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2811 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2811 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2836 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2836 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2836 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2867 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2928 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2962 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2962 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2983 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2983 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2983 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2983 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3033 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3058 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3091 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3091 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3091 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3128 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3128 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3128 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3171 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3199 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3199 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3199 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3204 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3266 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3302 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3302 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3302 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3361 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3379 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3379 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3379 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3458 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3467 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3468 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3467 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3508 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3509 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3508 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3561 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3576 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3645 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3645 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3645 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3663 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3663 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3663 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3716 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3744 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3780 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3780 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3780 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3783 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3783 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3783 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3853 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3878 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3918 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3918 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3918 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3958 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3958 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3958 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3988 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4017 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4024 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4024 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4024 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4108 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4108 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4108 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4169 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4213 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4213 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4213 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4250 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4250 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4250 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4270 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4305 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4403 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4403 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4403 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4430 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4430 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4430 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4483 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4522 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4566 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4566 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4566 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4585 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4585 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4586 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4639 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4643 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4690 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4690 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4690 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4715 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4715 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4715 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4789 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4789 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4836 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4835 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4836 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4884 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4884 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4884 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4911 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4955 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4992 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4992 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4992 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5002 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5002 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5002 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5060 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5067 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5094 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5094 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5094 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5157 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5156 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5157 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5158 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5238 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5242 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5242 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5242 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5331 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5331 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5331 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5342 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5385 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5401 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5401 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5401 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5481 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5481 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5481 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5483 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5564 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5564 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5564 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5570 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5619 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5657 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5657 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5657 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5718 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5718 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5718 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5732 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5774 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5774 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5774 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5817 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5864 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5864 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5865 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5866 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5883 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5883 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5883 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5946 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5953 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5986 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5986 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5987 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6061 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6061 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6061 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6079 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6113 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6120 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6120 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6120 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6163 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6164 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6164 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6198 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6224 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6239 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6239 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6239 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6313 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6340 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6340 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6340 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6400 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6400 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6400 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6431 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6456 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6458 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6458 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6458 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6512 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6590 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6590 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6590 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6596 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6596 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6596 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6671 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6677 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6760 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6760 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6760 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6778 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6778 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6778 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6845 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6856 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6862 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6862 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6862 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6908 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6908 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6909 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6942 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6972 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6972 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6972 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6973 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7062 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7062 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7062 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7070 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7106 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7106 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7107 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7153 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7178 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7261 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7261 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7262 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7307 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7307 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7307 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7315 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7396 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7396 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7396 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7406 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7465 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7466 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7465 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7487 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7544 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7549 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7549 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7549 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7644 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7652 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7652 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7652 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7658 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7658 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7658 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7729 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7744 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7768 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7768 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7768 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7769 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7769 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7768 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7862 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7865 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7908 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7908 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7908 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7926 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7926 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7927 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8001 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8001 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8064 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8064 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8064 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8081 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8081 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8081 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8156 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8162 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8205 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8205 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8205 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8219 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8219 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8219 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8294 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8302 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8359 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8359 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8360 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8402 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8402 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8402 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8419 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8492 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8497 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8497 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8497 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8563 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8582 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8582 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8582 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8613 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8613 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8613 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8662 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8680 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8761 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8761 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8761 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8787 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8787 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8787 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8837 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8883 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8900 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8901 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8921 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8921 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8921 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8921 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8987 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8998 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9039 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9039 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9091 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9115 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9115 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9115 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9174 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9264 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9264 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9264 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9326 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9377 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9377 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9377 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9429 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9499 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9499 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9499 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9586 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9649 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9650 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9649 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9720 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9831 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9831 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9831 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9896 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9932 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9932 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9932 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10024 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10121 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10122 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10121 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10221 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10243 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10243 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10243 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10301 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10368 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10368 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10368 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10443 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10561 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10561 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10561 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10654 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10755 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10755 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10755 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10829 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10912 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10912 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10912 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10980 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11031 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11031 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11031 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11117 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11222 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11222 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11222 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11310 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11410 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11410 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11410 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11498 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11606 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11606 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11607 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11707 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11724 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11724 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11724 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11800 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11871 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11871 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11872 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11947 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11998 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11998 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11998 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12065 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12166 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12166 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12166 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12233 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12314 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12314 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12315 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12368 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12430 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12430 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12430 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12512 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12532 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12532 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12532 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12586 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12650 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12650 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12650 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12700 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12771 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12771 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12771 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12849 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12968 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12968 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12968 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13044 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13083 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13083 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13083 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13151 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13212 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13212 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13213 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13310 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13393 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13393 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13393 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13459 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13563 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13563 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13563 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13630 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13685 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13685 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13686 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13739 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13817 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13817 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13818 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13869 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13922 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13922 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13922 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14014 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14032 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14032 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14032 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14123 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14140 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14140 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14140 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14234 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14243 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14243 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14243 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14305 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14355 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14355 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14355 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14418 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14545 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14545 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14545 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14643 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14734 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14734 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14734 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14822 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14887 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14887 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14887 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14956 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15071 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15071 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15071 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15161 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15192 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15192 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15192 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15285 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15328 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15328 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15328 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15412 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15524 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15524 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15524 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15611 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15660 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15661 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15661 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15757 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15773 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15773 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15773 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15824 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15967 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15967 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15967 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16067 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16131 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16131 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16131 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16184 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16288 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16288 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16288 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16365 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16449 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16449 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16449 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16541 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16599 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16599 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16599 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16674 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16751 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16751 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16751 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16817 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16866 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16866 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16866 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16928 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17046 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17046 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17046 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17124 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17193 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17194 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17194 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17279 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17304 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17304 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17304 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17368 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17485 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17485 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17485 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17576 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17645 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17645 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17645 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17726 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17826 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17826 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17827 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17895 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17990 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17990 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17990 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18088 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18107 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18107 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18108 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18203 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18215 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18215 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18215 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18302 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18401 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18402 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18401 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18501 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18542 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18542 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18543 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18640 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18720 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18720 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18720 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18802 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18893 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18893 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18893 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18986 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19023 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19023 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19023 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19089 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19209 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19209 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19210 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19275 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19339 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19339 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19339 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19410 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19483 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19483 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19484 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19561 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19614 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19614 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19615 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19705 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19753 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19753 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19753 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19830 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19937 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19937 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19937 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20009 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20129 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20129 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20130 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20207 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20246 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20246 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20246 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20345 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20359 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20360 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20360 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20437 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20557 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20557 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20557 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20652 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20734 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20734 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20734 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20788 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20925 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20925 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20926 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20977 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21115 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21115 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21115 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21179 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21263 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21264 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21264 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21351 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21389 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21389 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21389 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21474 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21539 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21539 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21539 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21603 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21692 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21692 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21692 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21772 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21801 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21801 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21802 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21860 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21940 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21940 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21940 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22002 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22056 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22057 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22057 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22155 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22171 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22171 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22171 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22231 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22359 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22359 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22360 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22429 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22490 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22490 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22490 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22572 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22684 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22683 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22684 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22769 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22854 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22854 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22854 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22937 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23051 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23051 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23052 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23149 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23186 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23186 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23186 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23282 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23380 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23380 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23380 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23466 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23568 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23568 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23568 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23622 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23717 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23717 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23717 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23808 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23869 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23869 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23869 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23968 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24024 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24024 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24024 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24088 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24132 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24133 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24133 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24220 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24266 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24266 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24266 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24351 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24433 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24433 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24433 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24520 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24620 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24620 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24620 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24676 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24760 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24760 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24760 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24835 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24913 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24913 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24913 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24969 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25023 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25023 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25023 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25119 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25179 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25179 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25179 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25244 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25344 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25344 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25345 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25414 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25503 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25503 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25503 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25592 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25608 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25608 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25608 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25692 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25797 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25799 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25797 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25897 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25925 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25925 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25925 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26020 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26062 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26062 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26062 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26113 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26229 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26229 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26233 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26299 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26376 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26376 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26377 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26473 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26565 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26565 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26565 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26633 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26701 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26701 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26701 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26801 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26896 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26896 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26896 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26982 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27030 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27031 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27030 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27105 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27192 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27192 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27192 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27282 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27314 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27314 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27314 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27406 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27444 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27444 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27445 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27540 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27562 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27562 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27562 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27622 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27756 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27757 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27757 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27824 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27916 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27916 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27916 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27968 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28076 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28076 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28076 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28171 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28264 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28264 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28265 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28327 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28381 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28381 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28381 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28441 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28508 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28508 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28508 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28587 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28656 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28656 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28656 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28733 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28847 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28847 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28848 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28924 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29032 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29032 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29032 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29109 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29218 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29218 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29218 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29290 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29366 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29366 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29366 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29426 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29521 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29521 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29521 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29593 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29625 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29625 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29625 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29699 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29770 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29770 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29770 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29827 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29955 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29955 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29955 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30050 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30150 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30150 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30150 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30232 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30254 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30254 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30254 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30317 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30361 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30361 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30361 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30448 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30529 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30529 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30529 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30583 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30641 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30641 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30641 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30737 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30827 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30827 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30827 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30912 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30991 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30991 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30992 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31079 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31135 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31135 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31135 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31207 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31265 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31265 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31266 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31344 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31412 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31412 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31412 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31475 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31584 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31584 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31584 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31670 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31718 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31719 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31719 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31814 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31887 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31887 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31887 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31957 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32020 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32020 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32020 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32089 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32159 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32159 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32160 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32246 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32335 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32335 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32335 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32428 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32460 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32460 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32461 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32534 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32614 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32614 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32614 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32712 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32787 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32787 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32787 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32848 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32982 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32982 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32982 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33063 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33117 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33117 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33117 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33180 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33307 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33308 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33307 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33385 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33449 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33449 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33450 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33550 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33635 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33635 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33635 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33697 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33761 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33761 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33761 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33857 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33946 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33946 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33946 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34023 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34071 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34071 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34071 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34165 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34223 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34224 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34223 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34285 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34347 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34347 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34347 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34437 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34518 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34518 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34518 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34580 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34651 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34651 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34651 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34744 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34813 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34813 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34813 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34904 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34968 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34968 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34968 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35051 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35125 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35125 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35126 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35224 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35326 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35326 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35326 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35387 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35503 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35503 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35504 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35602 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35630 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35630 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35630 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35722 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35795 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35795 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35795 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35894 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35960 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35960 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35960 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36031 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36096 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36096 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36096 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36163 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36277 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36277 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36277 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36333 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36428 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36428 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36428 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36499 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36567 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36567 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36567 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36655 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36694 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36694 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36694 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36781 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36814 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36814 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36814 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36900 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37004 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37004 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37005 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37104 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37179 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37179 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37179 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37256 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37321 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37322 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37322 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37387 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37486 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37486 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37486 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37585 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37606 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37606 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37607 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37657 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37788 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37788 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37788 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37877 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37918 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37918 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37918 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37975 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38114 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38114 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38114 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38185 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38219 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38219 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38220 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38315 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38396 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38396 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38396 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38459 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38510 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38510 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38510 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38593 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38673 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38673 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38673 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38752 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38865 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38865 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38866 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38957 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38997 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38997 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38997 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39055 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39192 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39192 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39192 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39282 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39341 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39341 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39341 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39440 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39442 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39442 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39442 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39512 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39575 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39575 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39575 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39625 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39758 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39758 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39758 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39839 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39865 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39865 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39865 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39938 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40059 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40059 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40059 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40142 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40191 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40191 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40191 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40268 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40385 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40385 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40385 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40450 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40501 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40501 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40501 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40599 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40694 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40694 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40694 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40782 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40800 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40800 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40800 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40853 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40934 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40934 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40935 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41031 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41060 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41060 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41060 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41157 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41160 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41160 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41160 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41246 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41317 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41317 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41317 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41404 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41423 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41423 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41423 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41521 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41567 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41567 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41567 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41656 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41728 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41728 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41728 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41784 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41843 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41843 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41843 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41893 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41950 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41950 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41950 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42036 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42062 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42062 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42062 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42154 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42171 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42171 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42171 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42253 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42293 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42293 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42294 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42347 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42428 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42428 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42428 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42518 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42530 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42530 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42530 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42584 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42726 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42726 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42727 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42800 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42873 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42873 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42873 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42944 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42982 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42982 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42983 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43078 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43130 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43130 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43130 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43182 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43291 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43291 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43291 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43362 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43429 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43429 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43430 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43484 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43571 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43571 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43571 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43666 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43709 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43709 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43709 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43768 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43834 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43834 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43834 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43887 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44010 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44011 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44010 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44072 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44119 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44119 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44119 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44200 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44284 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44284 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44284 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44336 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44447 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44447 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44448 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44518 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44568 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44568 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44568 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44651 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44759 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44759 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44759 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44834 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44907 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44907 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44907 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44969 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45072 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45072 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45072 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45133 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45234 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45234 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45234 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45297 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45431 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45431 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45431 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45529 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45545 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45545 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45545 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45630 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45723 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45723 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45723 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45800 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45879 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45879 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45879 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45964 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46078 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46078 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46078 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46132 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46194 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46195 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46195 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46266 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46308 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46308 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46308 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46359 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46495 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46495 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46495 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46563 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46608 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46608 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46608 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46667 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46712 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46713 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46713 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46780 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46882 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46882 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46882 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46981 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47020 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47020 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47020 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47107 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47133 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47133 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47133 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47219 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47242 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47242 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47242 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47309 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47386 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47386 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47386 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47465 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47501 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47502 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47501 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47575 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47645 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47645 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47645 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47714 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47808 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47809 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47808 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47904 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47922 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47922 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47922 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48016 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48058 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48058 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48058 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48123 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48236 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48237 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48236 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48333 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48404 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48404 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48404 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48483 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48514 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48514 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48515 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48581 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48659 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48659 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48659 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48736 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48794 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48794 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48794 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48883 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48992 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48992 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48992 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49043 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49167 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49167 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49167 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49259 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49296 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49296 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49296 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49377 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49480 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49480 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49480 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49566 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49611 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49611 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49611 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49706 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49752 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49752 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49752 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49802 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49950 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49950 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49950 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50014 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50057 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50057 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50057 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50156 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50159 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50159 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50159 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50242 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50295 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50295 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50295 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50357 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50495 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50495 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50495 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50584 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50650 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50650 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50650 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50711 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50795 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50795 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50795 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50873 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50980 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50980 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50980 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51039 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51132 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51132 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51132 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51233 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51271 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51271 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51271 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51343 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51393 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51393 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51393 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51449 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51507 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51507 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51507 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51596 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51672 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51672 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51672 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51761 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51859 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51859 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51859 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51918 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52015 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52015 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52016 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52100 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52188 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52188 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52188 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52239 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52330 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52330 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52330 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52407 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52443 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52443 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52444 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52499 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52644 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52644 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52644 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52708 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52843 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52844 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52844 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52934 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53022 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53022 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53022 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53121 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53186 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53186 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53186 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53254 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53315 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53315 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53315 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53393 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53495 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53495 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53495 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53574 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53628 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53628 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53628 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53725 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53790 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53790 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53790 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53868 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53950 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53950 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53950 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54038 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54088 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54088 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54088 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54178 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54228 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54228 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54228 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54313 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54379 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54379 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54379 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54464 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54494 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54494 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54494 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54550 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54642 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54642 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54642 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54733 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54808 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54808 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54809 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54866 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54940 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54940 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54940 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55013 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55057 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55057 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55057 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55119 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55255 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55255 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55255 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55328 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55395 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55395 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55395 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55483 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55579 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55579 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55579 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55662 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55718 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55718 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55718 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55784 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55902 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55902 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55902 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55967 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56046 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56046 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56046 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56129 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56238 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56238 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56238 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56329 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56424 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56425 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56424 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56505 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56584 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56584 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56584 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56655 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56767 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56767 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56768 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56819 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56886 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56886 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56887 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56943 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57049 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57049 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57049 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57111 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57236 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57236 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57236 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57327 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57395 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57395 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57395 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57463 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57587 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57587 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57587 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57677 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57746 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57746 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57746 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57799 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57911 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57911 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57911 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57999 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58024 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58024 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58025 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58076 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58191 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58191 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58191 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58264 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58369 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58369 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58369 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58421 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58490 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58490 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58490 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58544 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58649 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58649 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58649 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58702 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58804 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58804 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58805 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58884 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58942 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58942 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58942 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59039 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59142 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59142 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59142 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59238 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59263 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59263 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59263 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59313 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59412 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59412 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59412 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59465 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59528 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59528 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59528 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59602 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59671 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59671 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59671 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59726 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59856 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59856 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59856 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59909 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60036 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60036 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60036 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60105 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60157 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60157 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60158 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60238 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60330 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60330 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60331 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60415 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60457 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60457 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60458 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60556 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60609 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60609 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60609 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60682 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60762 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60762 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60762 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60854 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60920 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60920 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60920 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60978 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61035 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61035 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61035 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61127 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61221 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61222 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61221 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61272 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61380 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61380 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61380 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61441 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61517 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61517 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61518 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61600 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61687 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61687 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61687 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61757 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61813 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61813 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61813 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61912 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61967 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61967 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61967 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62018 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62156 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62156 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62156 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62213 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62290 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62290 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62290 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62384 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62433 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62433 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62433 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62487 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62579 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62579 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62579 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62633 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62699 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62699 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62699 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62754 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62818 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62818 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62819 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62911 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62961 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62961 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62961 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63036 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63137 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63137 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63137 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63187 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63284 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63284 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63284 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63336 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63428 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63428 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63428 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63499 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63605 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63605 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63605 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63684 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63757 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63757 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63757 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63853 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63902 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63902 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63902 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63993 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64067 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64067 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64067 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64161 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64204 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64204 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64204 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64287 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64341 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64341 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64341 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64430 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64494 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64494 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64494 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64593 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64619 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64619 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64619 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64683 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64809 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64809 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64809 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64890 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64988 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64988 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64988 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65051 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65128 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65128 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65128 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65224 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65242 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65243 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65243 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65301 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65410 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65411 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65410 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65473 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65524 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65524 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65524 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65577 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65672 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65672 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65672 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65773 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65853 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65853 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65853 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65916 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65975 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65975 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65975 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66028 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66078 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66078 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66078 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66164 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66261 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66261 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66261 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66333 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66430 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66430 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66430 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66511 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66547 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66547 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66547 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66618 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66723 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66723 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66723 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66817 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66865 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66865 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66865 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66966 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67065 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67065 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67065 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67133 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67232 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67232 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67233 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67307 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67406 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67406 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67407 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67494 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67545 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67545 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67545 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67630 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67701 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67701 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67701 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67789 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67844 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67844 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67845 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67897 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67997 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67997 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67997 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68082 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68189 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68189 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68189 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68251 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68335 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68335 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68335 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68388 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68496 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68496 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68496 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68574 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68676 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68676 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68676 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68734 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68790 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68790 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68790 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68855 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68916 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68916 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68916 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68970 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69103 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69103 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69103 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69159 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69270 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69270 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69270 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69346 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69468 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69469 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69468 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69520 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69592 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69592 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69592 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69651 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69766 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69766 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69766 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69841 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69903 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69903 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69903 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69997 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70018 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70018 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70019 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70102 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70143 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70143 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70143 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70197 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70270 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70270 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70270 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70365 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70450 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70450 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70451 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70544 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70581 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70581 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70581 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70664 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70778 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70778 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70778 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70847 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70950 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70950 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70950 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71033 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71082 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71082 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71082 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71167 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71239 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71239 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71239 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71329 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71419 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71419 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71420 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71473 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71574 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71574 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71574 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71630 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71709 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71709 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71709 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71809 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71853 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71853 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71853 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71924 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72035 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72035 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72035 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72118 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72220 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72220 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72220 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72271 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72414 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72414 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72414 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72466 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72556 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72556 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72556 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72634 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72746 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72746 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72747 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72802 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  72854 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72854 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72854 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  72920 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73004 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73004 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73004 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73081 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73132 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73132 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73132 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73199 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73326 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73326 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73326 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73407 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73479 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73479 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73479 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73550 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73627 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73627 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73627 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73718 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73805 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73806 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73805 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73882 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  73921 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73921 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73921 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  73975 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74060 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74061 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74061 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74132 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74176 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74176 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74176 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74241 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74349 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74349 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74349 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74406 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74513 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74513 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74514 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74600 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74660 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74660 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74660 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74730 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74783 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74783 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74783 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74881 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  74982 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74982 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  74982 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75048 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75102 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75102 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75102 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75194 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75215 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75215 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75215 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75315 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75391 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75391 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75391 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75469 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75537 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75537 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75537 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75624 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75641 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75641 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75641 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75703 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75798 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75798 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75798 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75856 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  75899 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75899 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75899 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  75992 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76079 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76079 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76079 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76174 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76278 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76278 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76279 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76331 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76379 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76379 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76379 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76450 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76546 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76546 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76546 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76628 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76654 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76654 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76655 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76715 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  76850 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76850 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76850 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  76936 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77037 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77037 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77037 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77118 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77211 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77211 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77211 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77311 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77371 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77371 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77372 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77455 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77558 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77558 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77559 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77609 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77752 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77752 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77753 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77810 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  77933 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77933 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  77933 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78029 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78127 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78127 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78127 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78212 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78295 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78295 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78295 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78371 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78396 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78396 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78396 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78453 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78512 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78512 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78512 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78588 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78669 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78669 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78669 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78730 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78800 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78800 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78801 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78866 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  78961 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78961 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  78962 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79055 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79157 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79157 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79157 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79214 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79350 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79351 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79351 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79415 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79507 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79507 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79507 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79563 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79679 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79679 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79679 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79777 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  79838 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79838 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79838 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  79926 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80025 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80025 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80025 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80097 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80197 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80197 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80197 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80257 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80335 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80335 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80336 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80401 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80449 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80449 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80449 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80521 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80549 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80549 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80661 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80661 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80662 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80759 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80830 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80830 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80830 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80831 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80893 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  80945 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80945 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80958 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  80958 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81052 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81052 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81069 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  81249 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
Program over...
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K./dpp_DL -n 6[13Dmake         [9D[?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m make[K
gcc dpp_DL.c -o dpp_DL -lpthread
run as ./dpp_DL -n num_of_philosophers
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [Kmake./dpp_DL -n 6[?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m ./dpp_DL -n 6[K
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      2 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      2 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      2 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      2 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     53 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     62 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     64 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     66 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     85 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     99 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
^C
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[130C [31m‚èé[39m[132D[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[130C [31m‚èé[39m[132D[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[130C [31m‚èé[39m[132D[?2004l

Script done on Monday 24 September 2018 04:44:34 PM IST
