milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     81 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    264 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    453 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    453 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    532 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    647 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    755 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    755 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    839 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1108 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1280 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1280 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1376 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1477 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1660 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1660 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1730 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2394 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2518 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2518 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2571 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3980 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4091 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4091 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4178 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5048 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5161 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5161 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5252 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5988 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6150 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6150 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6212 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6313 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6442 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6442 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6493 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6614 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6783 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6783 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6869 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7481 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7616 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7616 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7677 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7785 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7946 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7946 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8004 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8626 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8748 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8748 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8806 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9469 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9628 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9629 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9814 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9944 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9944 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10042 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10428 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10539 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10539 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10595 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10728 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10912 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10912 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10983 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11823 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12006 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12006 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12082 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12793 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12990 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12990 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13072 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14119 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14294 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14294 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14374 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14935 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15113 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15113 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15167 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15267 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15387 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15388 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15450 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15569 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15752 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15753 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15831 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15931 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16128 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16128 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16222 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18787 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18916 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18916 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18994 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19729 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19889 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19889 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19982 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20082 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20252 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20252 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20342 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20442 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20608 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20609 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20693 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21558 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21732 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21732 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21784 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22286 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22429 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22429 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22500 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22935 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23064 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23064 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23154 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23435 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23620 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23620 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23685 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24845 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25038 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25038 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25095 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25232 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25374 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25374 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25428 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26460 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26580 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26580 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26661 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27469 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27657 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27657 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27742 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27842 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28010 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28010 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28097 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28198 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28398 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28398 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28487 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29514 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29619 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29619 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29704 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29816 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29939 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29939 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30005 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30265 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30443 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30443 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30507 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30900 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31039 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31039 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31107 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31214 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31315 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31316 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31372 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32446 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32630 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32630 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32825 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33008 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33008 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33107 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33207 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33396 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33396 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33468 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34579 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34768 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34768 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34863 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36743 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36932 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36932 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36983 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37083 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37216 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37217 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37294 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37923 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38041 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38041 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38107 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38249 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38351 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38351 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38444 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38831 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39024 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39024 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39116 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39865 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40023 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40023 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40105 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40212 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40320 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40320 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40381 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40711 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40826 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40826 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40920 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41505 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41683 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41683 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41759 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41859 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41960 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41960 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42043 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42778 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42940 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42940 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43024 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43690 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43849 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43849 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43947 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45090 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45204 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45204 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45286 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46968 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47098 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47098 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47185 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47287 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47402 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47402 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47462 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47866 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47985 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47985 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48076 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48177 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48349 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48349 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48442 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48542 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48688 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48688 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48786 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48886 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48987 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48987 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49046 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49977 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50171 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50171 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50248 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51076 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51182 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51182 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51242 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51872 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51990 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51990 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52089 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52448 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52552 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52552 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52603 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53214 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53326 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53326 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53383 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53769 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53926 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53926 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53997 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54097 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54207 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54208 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54305 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55280 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55434 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55434 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55523 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56339 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56517 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56517 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56617 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57620 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57802 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57802 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57889 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57989 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58150 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58151 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58218 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58849 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58978 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58978 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59071 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59174 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59297 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59298 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59371 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59782 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59961 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59961 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60034 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60161 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60285 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60285 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60351 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61176 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61286 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61286 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61348 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61744 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61905 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61905 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61965 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62324 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62518 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62518 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62570 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62701 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62843 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62843 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62905 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63549 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63699 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63699 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63768 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63890 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64069 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64069 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64128 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64762 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64891 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64892 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64988 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65088 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65247 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65247 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65348 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65690 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65857 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65857 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65932 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66049 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66195 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66195 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66247 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66413 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66612 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66612 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66708 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67087 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67261 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67261 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67356 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67566 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67733 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67733 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67790 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68130 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68251 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68251 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68339 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68581 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68690 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68690 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68778 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69072 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69205 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69205 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69263 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69668 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69811 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69811 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69872 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70147 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70253 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70253 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70348 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70657 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70830 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
