milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     59 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    160 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    285 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    285 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    359 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    600 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    784 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    785 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    859 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1113 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1269 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1269 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1340 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1647 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1801 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1801 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1884 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2135 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2254 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2254 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2348 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2688 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2825 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2825 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2889 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3143 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3299 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3299 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3395 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3680 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3842 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3842 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3924 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4242 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4390 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4390 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4460 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4710 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4812 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4812 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4882 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5123 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5311 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5311 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5388 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5707 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5836 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5836 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5892 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6236 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6430 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6430 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6503 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6776 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6935 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6935 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7006 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7326 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7449 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7449 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7527 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7762 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7914 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7914 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7990 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8299 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8435 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8436 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8507 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8754 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8909 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8910 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8984 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9281 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9444 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9444 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9542 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9814 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9930 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9930 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10031 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10298 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10398 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10398 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10452 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10754 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10861 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10861 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10925 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11236 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11345 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11345 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11434 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11688 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11873 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11873 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11955 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12208 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12405 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12405 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12503 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12759 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12893 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12893 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12957 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13248 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13423 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13423 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13512 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13738 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13905 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13905 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13983 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14294 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14420 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14421 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14514 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14730 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14843 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14843 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14936 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15185 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15356 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15356 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15455 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15678 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15782 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15783 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15841 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16147 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16304 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16304 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16356 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16668 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16780 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16780 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16852 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17270 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17373 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17374 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17471 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17713 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17879 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17879 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17929 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18270 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18461 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18461 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18523 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18852 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19031 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19032 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19114 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19395 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19522 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19522 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19576 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19868 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20003 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20003 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20072 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20327 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20520 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20520 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20595 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20898 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21051 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21051 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21107 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21365 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21561 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21561 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21614 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21957 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22128 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22128 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22218 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22456 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22613 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22613 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22674 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22946 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23129 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23129 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23186 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23466 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23568 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23568 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23663 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23887 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24080 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24080 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24149 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24469 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24569 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24570 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24631 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24964 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25105 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25105 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25178 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25490 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25657 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25657 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25736 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26052 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26190 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26190 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26256 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26568 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26724 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26724 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26824 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27102 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27223 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27223 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27288 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27552 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27724 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27724 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27785 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28038 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28187 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28188 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28279 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28569 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28731 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28731 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28802 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29124 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29302 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29303 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29395 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29611 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29775 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29775 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29828 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30127 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30293 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30293 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30359 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30630 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30751 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30751 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30835 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31096 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31213 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31213 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31265 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31577 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31769 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31769 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31842 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32106 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32283 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32283 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32375 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32601 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32745 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32745 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32815 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33104 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33231 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33231 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33306 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33627 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33805 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33805 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33900 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34177 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34332 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34332 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34423 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34644 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34838 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34838 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34926 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35202 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35397 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35397 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35481 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35788 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35934 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35934 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36021 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36262 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36424 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36424 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36508 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36752 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36924 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36924 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37003 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37296 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37491 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37491 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37563 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37849 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37988 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37988 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38082 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38352 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38458 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38459 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38512 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38787 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38958 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38958 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39048 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39318 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39418 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39418 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39499 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39779 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39883 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39883 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39968 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40264 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40426 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40426 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40524 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40776 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40925 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40925 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41017 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41274 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41430 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41430 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41506 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41792 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41950 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41951 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42039 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42275 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42472 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42472 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42558 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42774 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42927 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42927 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42980 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43277 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43451 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43452 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43517 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43778 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43914 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43914 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43995 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44266 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44393 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44394 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44472 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44805 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44956 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44956 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45007 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45310 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45497 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45497 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45564 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45830 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45986 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45986 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46051 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46356 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46496 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46496 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46549 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46844 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46999 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46999 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47071 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47385 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47516 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47516 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47590 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47870 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48030 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48030 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48111 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48429 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48529 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48529 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48595 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48887 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49036 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49037 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49105 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49396 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49507 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49507 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49576 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49900 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50029 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50029 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50096 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50435 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50635 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
