milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     94 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    450 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    572 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    572 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    633 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1189 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1189 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1265 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1542 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1658 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1658 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1753 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1938 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2088 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2088 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2176 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2406 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2604 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2604 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2669 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2849 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2950 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2950 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3031 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3342 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3479 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3479 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3533 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3713 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3891 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3891 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3959 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4252 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4447 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4447 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4548 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4696 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4828 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4828 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4916 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5276 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5423 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5423 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5491 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5724 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5824 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5824 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5899 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6153 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6295 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6295 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6357 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6535 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6716 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6716 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6782 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7014 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7155 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7155 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7242 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7552 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7725 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7725 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7801 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7986 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8170 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8170 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8254 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8435 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8597 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8597 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8683 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8970 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9136 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9136 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9234 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9373 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9522 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9523 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9576 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9871 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10026 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10027 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10080 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10328 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10477 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10477 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10540 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10853 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11044 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11044 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11115 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11300 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11495 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11495 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11586 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11782 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11917 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11918 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11994 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12264 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12460 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12460 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12545 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12735 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12856 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12856 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12920 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13186 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13376 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13377 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13443 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13731 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13927 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13927 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13979 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14226 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14357 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14358 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14410 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14679 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14837 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14837 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14924 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15127 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15264 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15265 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15350 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15555 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15729 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15729 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15793 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16020 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16142 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16142 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16243 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16414 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16515 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16515 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16599 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16906 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17033 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17034 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17134 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17308 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17453 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17453 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17522 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17743 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17863 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17863 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17929 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18156 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18308 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18308 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18388 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18740 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18904 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18905 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18993 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19156 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19265 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19265 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19361 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19688 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19851 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19851 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19905 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20130 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20302 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20302 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20395 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20554 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20742 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20743 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20829 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21039 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21142 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21142 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21200 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21449 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21644 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21644 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21730 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21945 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22058 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22058 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22121 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22544 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22696 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22697 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22749 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22974 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23107 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23107 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23201 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23449 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23617 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23617 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23682 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23888 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24024 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24024 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24081 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24588 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24588 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24643 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24919 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25022 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25023 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25099 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25347 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25540 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25540 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25610 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25829 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25953 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25953 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26043 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26374 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26519 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26519 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26570 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26810 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26922 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26922 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26975 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27409 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27514 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27514 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27587 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27798 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27907 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27907 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28005 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28187 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28362 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28362 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28425 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28655 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28837 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28837 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28915 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29122 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29295 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29295 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29386 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29596 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29733 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29733 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29804 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30013 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30127 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30127 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30218 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30440 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30635 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30636 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30731 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30902 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31098 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31099 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31157 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31367 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31547 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31547 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31643 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31864 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32006 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32007 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32079 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32292 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32441 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32441 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32511 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32923 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32923 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32977 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33220 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33383 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33383 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33467 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33777 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33879 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33879 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33953 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34333 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34522 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34522 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34595 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34807 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34985 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34985 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35056 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35279 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35439 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35439 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35497 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35816 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35921 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35921 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36019 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36175 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36370 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36370 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36420 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36702 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36863 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36863 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36934 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37167 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37308 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37309 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37408 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37571 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37747 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37747 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37845 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38035 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38199 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38200 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38294 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38493 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38673 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38673 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38727 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38979 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39087 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39087 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39168 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39501 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39641 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39641 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39705 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39919 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40060 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40060 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40123 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40384 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40506 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40506 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40598 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40837 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41037 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41037 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41091 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41319 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41472 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41472 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41531 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41798 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42031 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42336 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42496 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42496 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42584 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42764 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42953 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42954 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43023 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43352 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43466 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43466 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43544 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43805 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43987 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43987 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44050 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44228 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44404 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44404 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44458 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44757 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44934 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44934 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44989 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45254 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45387 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45387 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45460 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45692 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45838 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45838 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45930 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46281 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46282 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46347 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46719 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46924 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47165 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47304 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
