milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     62 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    358 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    514 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    515 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    596 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    899 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1091 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1091 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1151 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1462 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1611 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1611 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1709 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2000 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2202 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2515 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2625 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2625 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2681 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2952 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3083 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3083 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3155 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3433 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3595 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3595 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3651 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3919 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4042 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4042 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4115 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4423 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4617 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4617 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4683 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4937 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5084 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5084 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5154 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5473 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5627 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5627 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5712 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5943 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6078 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6078 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6175 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6473 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6667 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6667 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6752 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7002 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7203 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7203 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7286 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7571 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7696 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7696 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7776 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8091 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8191 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8191 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8272 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8523 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8654 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8654 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8727 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8971 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9117 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9117 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9193 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9487 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9590 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9590 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9656 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9930 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10115 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10115 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10172 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10457 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10571 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10571 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10654 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10881 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11032 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11032 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11097 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11357 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11461 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11461 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11553 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11898 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12059 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12059 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12135 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12405 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12600 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12600 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12660 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12914 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13029 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13029 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13085 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13423 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13542 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13542 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13627 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13934 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14036 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14036 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14095 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14420 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14597 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14597 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14664 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14926 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15124 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15125 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15214 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15463 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15622 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15622 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15694 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15970 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16078 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16078 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16143 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16379 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16489 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16489 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16553 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16950 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17051 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17051 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17147 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17396 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17582 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17583 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17665 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18026 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18172 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18172 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18264 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18494 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18612 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18613 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18667 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19031 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19141 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19141 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19240 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19525 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19633 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19634 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19699 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20003 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20130 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20130 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20182 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20525 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20627 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20627 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20680 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21051 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21217 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21217 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21298 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21604 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21743 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21743 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21840 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22128 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22272 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22272 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22322 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22627 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22751 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22751 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22805 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23129 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23321 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23321 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23401 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23690 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23834 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23835 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23910 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24153 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24275 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24276 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24346 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24653 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24827 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24827 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24927 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25163 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25287 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25287 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25355 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25657 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25809 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25809 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25870 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26211 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26393 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26393 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26459 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26761 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26908 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26908 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26963 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27223 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27335 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27335 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27392 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27724 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27905 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27905 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27970 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28242 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28442 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28731 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28841 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28842 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28918 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29302 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29497 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29497 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29551 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29842 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30025 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30025 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30094 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30422 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30537 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30537 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30624 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30859 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30986 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30986 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31065 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31290 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31419 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31420 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31490 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31803 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31919 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31920 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32002 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32290 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32419 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32419 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32514 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32766 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32896 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32896 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32985 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33241 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33344 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33344 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33399 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33805 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33993 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33993 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34050 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34359 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34613 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34945 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35120 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35120 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35205 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35505 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35652 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35653 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35729 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35972 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36128 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36128 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36178 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36492 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36598 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36598 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36659 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36954 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37118 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37118 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37181 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37491 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37626 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37626 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37698 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37995 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38160 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38161 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38220 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38523 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38633 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38634 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38720 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38968 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39093 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39093 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39175 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39464 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39586 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39587 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39639 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39940 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40126 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40126 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40214 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40528 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40655 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40656 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40735 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41005 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41145 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41145 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41227 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41542 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41671 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41671 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41748 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42002 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42176 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42176 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42265 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42478 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42607 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42608 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42702 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42954 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43074 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43075 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43168 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43523 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43717 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43717 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43786 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44075 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44227 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44227 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44320 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44609 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44805 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44805 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44880 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45148 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45277 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45277 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45345 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45607 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45789 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45789 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45864 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46185 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46356 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46356 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46410 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46735 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46835 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46835 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46889 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47205 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47385 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47385 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47467 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47720 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47844 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47844 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47932 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48237 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48368 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48368 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48453 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48706 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48887 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48887 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48960 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49213 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49365 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49365 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49442 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49705 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49900 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49900 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49990 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50289 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50435 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50435 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50524 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50786 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50912 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
