milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     84 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    253 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    391 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    391 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    456 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    772 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    936 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    936 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1010 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1390 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1496 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1496 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1580 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1976 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2181 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2399 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2570 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2571 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2627 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2832 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2998 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2998 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3079 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3268 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3465 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3466 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3553 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3804 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3915 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3915 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3973 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4185 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4320 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4320 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4382 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4757 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4893 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4894 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4973 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5226 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5407 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5408 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5487 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5739 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5850 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5850 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5946 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6132 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6308 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6308 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6367 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6610 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6768 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6768 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6829 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7040 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7225 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7226 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7321 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7472 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7591 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7591 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7647 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7945 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8105 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8105 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8156 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8491 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8628 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8628 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8713 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8885 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9073 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9073 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9161 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9457 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9566 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9566 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9626 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9846 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9960 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9960 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10052 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10376 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10517 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10517 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10612 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10790 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10940 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10940 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11037 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11361 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11480 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11480 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11553 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11785 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11948 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11948 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12046 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12248 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12394 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12394 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12487 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12787 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12898 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12898 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12952 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13248 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13396 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13397 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13495 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13689 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13790 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13790 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13881 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14210 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14395 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14395 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14463 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14653 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14796 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14796 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14896 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15071 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15211 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15212 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15275 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15559 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15694 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15694 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15766 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16042 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16159 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16159 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16217 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16444 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16612 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16612 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16702 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16875 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16980 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16980 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17050 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17288 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17457 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17457 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17536 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17757 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17875 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17875 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17967 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18243 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18411 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18411 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18475 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18690 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18799 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18799 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18852 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19191 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19340 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19341 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19402 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19602 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19765 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19765 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19837 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20186 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20290 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20290 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20384 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20552 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20715 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20715 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20783 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21014 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21182 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21182 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21247 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21472 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21597 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21597 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21649 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21989 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22172 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22173 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22235 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22459 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22637 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22637 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22693 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22986 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23167 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23167 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23261 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23416 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23531 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23532 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23611 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23951 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24093 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24093 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24185 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24521 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24521 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24616 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24945 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25116 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25117 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25183 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25376 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25602 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25840 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25996 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25996 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26092 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26278 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26391 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26391 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26469 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26893 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27053 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27054 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27117 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27342 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27456 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27456 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27536 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27757 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27930 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27930 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28012 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28163 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28321 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28322 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28641 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28784 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28785 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28859 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29080 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29227 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29227 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29296 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29634 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29788 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29788 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29852 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30052 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30182 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30182 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30250 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30420 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30557 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30557 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30630 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30916 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31083 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31083 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31183 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31399 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31564 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31564 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31621 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31851 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31963 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31963 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32046 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32278 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32405 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32405 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32472 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32709 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32820 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32821 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32886 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33262 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33438 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33438 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33499 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33861 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34008 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34009 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34090 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34303 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34428 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34428 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34526 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34830 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34937 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34938 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35008 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35345 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35516 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35516 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35614 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35738 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35925 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35925 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35992 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36203 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36396 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36396 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36480 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36732 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36901 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36901 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36958 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37178 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37290 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37291 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37360 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37586 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37705 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37705 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37781 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38045 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38160 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38160 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38236 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38544 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38668 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38668 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38750 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39032 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39175 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39175 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39252 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39451 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39628 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39628 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39697 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39899 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40094 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40094 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40185 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40370 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40560 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40561 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40652 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40806 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40948 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40948 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41006 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41410 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41551 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41552 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41625 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41780 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42076 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42236 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42377 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42377 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42438 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42802 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42962 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42962 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43048 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43253 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43424 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43425 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43510 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43732 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43865 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43865 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43964 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44312 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44470 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44470 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44549 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44756 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44887 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44888 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44963 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45237 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45397 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45398 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45469 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45751 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45899 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45899 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45960 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46369 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46370 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46424 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46655 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46853 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46853 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46915 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47121 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47293 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
