milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     70 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1008 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1130 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1130 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1186 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1577 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1720 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1720 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1818 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1961 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2084 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2084 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2156 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2281 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2430 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2430 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2490 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3455 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3654 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3654 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3707 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4295 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4442 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4442 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4530 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4631 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4734 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4734 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4827 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5647 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5758 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5758 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5809 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7029 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7192 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7192 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7280 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7381 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7483 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7483 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7571 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7892 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7996 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7997 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8093 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8247 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8387 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8387 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8484 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9104 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9205 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9205 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9302 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9934 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10116 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10116 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10181 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11329 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11439 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11439 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11514 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12296 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12464 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12464 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12541 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12894 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13053 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13053 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13142 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13565 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13741 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13741 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13826 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16065 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16240 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16240 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16292 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16429 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16577 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16578 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16675 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16784 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17068 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17169 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17318 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17319 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17413 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17903 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18009 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18009 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18099 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18205 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18399 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18399 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18481 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19303 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19454 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19454 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19545 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21079 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21234 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21234 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21329 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23035 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23161 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23162 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23259 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23903 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24074 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24074 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24146 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24247 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24430 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24430 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24501 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25675 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25821 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25821 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25903 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26004 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26169 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26169 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26235 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26344 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26498 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26498 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26549 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26978 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27087 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27087 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27140 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28697 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28891 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28891 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28972 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29073 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29249 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29249 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29303 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29404 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29506 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29507 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29594 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30165 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30361 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30361 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30457 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30798 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30913 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30913 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31001 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31701 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31806 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31806 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31875 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32002 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32180 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32180 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32234 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32334 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32486 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32486 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32564 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33815 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33956 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33956 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34020 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34132 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34293 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34293 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34367 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35059 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35253 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35253 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35334 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35933 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36091 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36091 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36170 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36273 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36472 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36472 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36542 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36642 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36750 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36750 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36849 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37498 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37631 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37632 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37722 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37822 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37948 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37948 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38023 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38399 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38502 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38502 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38557 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38701 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38886 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38886 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38975 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39387 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39577 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39577 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39664 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39764 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39911 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39911 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40008 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40611 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40774 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40774 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40835 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42351 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42462 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42462 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42525 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43212 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43356 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43356 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43426 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44257 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44422 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44422 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44505 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44612 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44765 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44766 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44824 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45506 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45695 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45695 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45754 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45854 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46037 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46037 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46098 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46199 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46332 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46332 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46387 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46513 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46671 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46671 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46766 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46867 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46986 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46986 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47076 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47433 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47561 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47561 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47624 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47735 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47854 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47854 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47943 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49213 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49357 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49357 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49439 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49541 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49701 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49701 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49779 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50495 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50691 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50691 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50748 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51444 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51586 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51586 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51665 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52854 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52959 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52959 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53020 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53315 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53469 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53469 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53568 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53669 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53776 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53776 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53857 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54206 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54365 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54365 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54434 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54534 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54645 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54645 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54702 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54875 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54993 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54993 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55093 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55772 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55960 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55960 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56046 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56845 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56953 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56953 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57028 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57146 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57329 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57329 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57410 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57510 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57682 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57683 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57748 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58403 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58585 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58586 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58649 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58749 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58873 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58873 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58953 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59682 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59861 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59861 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59931 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60309 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60478 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60478 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60556 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60657 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60833 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60833 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60902 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61276 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61471 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61471 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61544 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61644 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61811 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61811 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61865 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62221 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62400 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62400 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62479 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63097 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63249 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63249 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63344 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63445 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63588 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63588 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63665 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64365 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64516 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64516 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64598 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65549 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65746 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65747 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65805 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66934 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67039 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67039 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67134 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67462 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67577 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67577 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67651 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67933 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68112 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68113 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68185 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68451 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68583 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68583 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68664 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68972 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69167 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69167 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69232 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69568 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69668 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69668 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69743 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70047 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70165 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70165 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70261 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70554 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70741 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70741 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70826 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  71095 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71199 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
