milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     91 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    397 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    504 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    504 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    587 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    968 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1133 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1133 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1219 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1583 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1704 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1704 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1780 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2243 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2243 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2338 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2571 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2677 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2677 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2746 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2998 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3167 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3167 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3226 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3465 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3584 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3584 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3673 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3915 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4161 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4352 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4487 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4487 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4581 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4893 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5082 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5083 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5173 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5407 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5512 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5513 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5579 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5850 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6030 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6031 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6125 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6308 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6414 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6415 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6481 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6768 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6893 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6893 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6984 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7225 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7364 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7364 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7445 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7653 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7765 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7765 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7819 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8105 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8246 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8246 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8314 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8628 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8785 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8785 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8865 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9073 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9185 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9186 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9245 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9566 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9680 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9680 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9747 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9972 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10109 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10109 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10178 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10517 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10681 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10681 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10755 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10953 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11101 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11101 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11159 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11480 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11673 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11674 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11736 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11948 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12092 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12092 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12145 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12394 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12563 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12563 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12629 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12898 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13026 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13026 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13105 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13396 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13551 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13551 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13616 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13831 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13944 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13944 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14042 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14395 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14539 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14539 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14603 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14796 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14971 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14971 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15063 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15227 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15393 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15394 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15471 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15694 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15822 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15822 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15884 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16159 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16262 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16262 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16325 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16612 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16740 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16740 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16836 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17007 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17157 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17157 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17255 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17457 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17672 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17875 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17983 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17984 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18083 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18411 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18590 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18590 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18651 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19032 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19032 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19114 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19340 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19501 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19501 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19557 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19788 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19902 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19902 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19974 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20290 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20395 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20396 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20459 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20715 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20914 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20915 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21014 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21182 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21300 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21301 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21395 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21597 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21732 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21733 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21825 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22172 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22355 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22356 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22433 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22644 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22811 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22811 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22894 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23167 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23316 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23316 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23393 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23550 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23705 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23705 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23802 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24093 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24261 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24262 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24317 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24521 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24722 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24722 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24795 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25117 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25233 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25233 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25317 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25671 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25671 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25738 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25996 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26178 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26178 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26276 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26474 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26598 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26598 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26677 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27054 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27241 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27241 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27327 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27509 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27609 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27609 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27687 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27930 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28036 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28036 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28096 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28321 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28467 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28467 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28551 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28784 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28980 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28980 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29036 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29227 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29372 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29372 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29458 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29788 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29904 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29904 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29976 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30182 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30289 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30290 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30354 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30557 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30728 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30728 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30787 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31084 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31259 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31259 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31343 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31564 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31687 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31687 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31766 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31964 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32086 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32086 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32155 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32405 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32511 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32511 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32578 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32826 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32998 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32998 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33085 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33438 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33564 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33565 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33623 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34008 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34202 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34202 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34285 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34433 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34563 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34563 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34641 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34938 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35122 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35122 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35178 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35516 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35637 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35637 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35695 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35925 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36056 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36056 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36129 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36396 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36556 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36556 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36633 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36901 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37002 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37002 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37070 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37290 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37395 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37395 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37482 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37705 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37841 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37841 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37896 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38160 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38277 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38278 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38362 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38668 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38799 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38800 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38894 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39175 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39342 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39342 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39439 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39628 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39784 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39784 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39884 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40094 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40269 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40270 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40335 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40560 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40674 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40674 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40741 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40948 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41134 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41134 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41221 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41552 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41679 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41680 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41754 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42136 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42136 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42212 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42436 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42591 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42591 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42677 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42962 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43153 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43153 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43253 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43453 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43721 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43905 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44098 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44098 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44161 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44470 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44643 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44643 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44736 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44887 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45086 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45086 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45175 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45398 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45566 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45567 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45649 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45899 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46003 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46003 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46080 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46369 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46554 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46554 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46613 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46853 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47020 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47020 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47104 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47293 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47466 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
