milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     97 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    498 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    644 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    644 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    699 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1068 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1225 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1225 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1316 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1838 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1976 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1977 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2042 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2282 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2399 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2399 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2488 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2724 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2832 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2832 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2896 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3126 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3248 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3249 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3337 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3612 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3804 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3805 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3866 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4022 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4132 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4132 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4199 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4592 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4757 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4757 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4827 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5053 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5226 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5226 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5289 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5562 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5739 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5739 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5806 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5980 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6083 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6083 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6162 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6435 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6610 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6610 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6696 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6895 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7039 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7040 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7094 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7325 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7472 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7472 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7562 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7829 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7945 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7945 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8017 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8335 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8491 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8491 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8542 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8728 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8858 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8858 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8921 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9273 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9457 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9457 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9533 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9688 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9845 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9846 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9913 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10194 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10376 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10376 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10427 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10617 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10789 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10789 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10879 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11200 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11361 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11361 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11460 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11600 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11785 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11785 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11846 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12049 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12248 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12248 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12325 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12635 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12786 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12787 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12848 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13075 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13248 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13248 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13310 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13558 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13689 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13689 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13740 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14047 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14210 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14211 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14296 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14496 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14653 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14654 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14746 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14937 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15059 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15059 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15119 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15369 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15559 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15559 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15615 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15920 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16042 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16042 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16122 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16314 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16444 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16444 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16527 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16712 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16875 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16876 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16966 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17149 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17288 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17288 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17389 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17757 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17757 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17854 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18047 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18242 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18243 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18332 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18511 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18635 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18635 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18692 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19055 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19191 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19191 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19267 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19441 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19568 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19569 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19642 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20030 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20186 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20186 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20255 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20405 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20552 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20552 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20644 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20846 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20948 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20949 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21048 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21283 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21472 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21472 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21532 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21845 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21989 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21989 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22044 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22273 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22459 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22460 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22536 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22802 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22986 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22986 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23063 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23268 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23398 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23398 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23463 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23770 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23951 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23951 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24002 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24220 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24475 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24770 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24945 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24945 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25006 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25217 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25376 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25376 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25468 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25705 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25839 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25840 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25894 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26118 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26273 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26273 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26366 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26709 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26893 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26893 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26973 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27154 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27297 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27297 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27352 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27653 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27757 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27757 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27823 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28031 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28162 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28163 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28256 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28534 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28641 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28641 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28700 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28940 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29048 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29048 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29101 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29496 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29634 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29634 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29700 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29888 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30051 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30052 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30127 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30290 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30420 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30421 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30518 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30802 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30916 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30917 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31011 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31245 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31399 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31399 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31451 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31665 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31851 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31851 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31940 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32126 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32278 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32278 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32334 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32593 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32709 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32709 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32809 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33120 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33262 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33262 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33358 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33677 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33861 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33861 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33940 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34123 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34290 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34290 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34354 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34665 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34830 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34830 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34905 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35179 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35345 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35345 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35404 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35616 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35724 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35725 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35780 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36057 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36203 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36203 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36276 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36550 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36732 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36732 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36813 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37005 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37178 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37178 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37238 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37471 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37586 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37587 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37647 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37866 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38045 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38045 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38133 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38393 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38544 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38544 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38601 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38867 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39032 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39032 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39106 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39319 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39450 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39451 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39544 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39797 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39898 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39899 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39954 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40198 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40352 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40352 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40417 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40686 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40806 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40807 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40882 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41214 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41410 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41410 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41472 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41667 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41778 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41778 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41867 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42094 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42233 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42233 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42302 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42656 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42802 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42802 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42888 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43072 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43248 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43248 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43324 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43595 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43715 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43715 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43785 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44125 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44312 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44312 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44369 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44570 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44756 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44756 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44839 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45056 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45237 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45237 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45291 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45556 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45751 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45751 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45843 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46014 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46266 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46469 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46652 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46652 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46730 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46964 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47075 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47076 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47155 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47394 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47503 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
