milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     56 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    389 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    527 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    527 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    594 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    901 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1087 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1087 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1184 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1484 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1647 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1648 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1727 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1982 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2166 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2166 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2247 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2526 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2649 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2649 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2724 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2969 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3141 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3141 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3226 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3528 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3672 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3672 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3771 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3980 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4177 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4177 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4230 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4555 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4664 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4664 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4762 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4987 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5117 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5118 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5172 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5476 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5643 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5643 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5715 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5960 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6122 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6123 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6208 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6447 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6631 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6631 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6691 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6958 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7116 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7116 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7195 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7471 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7606 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7607 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7672 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7990 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8191 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8191 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8274 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8545 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8717 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8717 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8791 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9019 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9175 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9175 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9226 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9481 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9620 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9620 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9693 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9964 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10082 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10082 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10154 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10430 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10576 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10576 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10642 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10964 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11126 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11126 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11220 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11487 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11607 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11607 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11676 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11977 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12148 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12148 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12201 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12487 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12680 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12680 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12774 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13006 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13123 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13123 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13195 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13461 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13650 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13650 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13721 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14025 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14212 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14212 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14268 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14538 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14713 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14713 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14794 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15080 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15210 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15210 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15282 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15535 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15698 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15698 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15797 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16022 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16160 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16160 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16252 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16535 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16691 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16691 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16772 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17079 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17181 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17181 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17253 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17572 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17725 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17726 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17817 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18068 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18183 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18183 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18249 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18503 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18686 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18686 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18785 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19016 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19215 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19215 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19271 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19537 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19638 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19638 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19697 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20049 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20170 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20170 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20237 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20546 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20689 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20689 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20764 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21017 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21141 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21141 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21219 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21504 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21651 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21651 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21743 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22143 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22286 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22286 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22369 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22590 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22770 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22770 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22864 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23126 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23234 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23234 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23299 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23626 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23758 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23758 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23826 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24093 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24270 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24270 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24365 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24604 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24731 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24732 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24801 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25066 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25258 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25258 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25357 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25689 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25846 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25846 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25928 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26192 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26345 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26346 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26402 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26735 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26879 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26879 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26976 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27268 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27394 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27395 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27481 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27737 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27923 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27924 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28019 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28254 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28486 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28725 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28875 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28875 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28930 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29235 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29400 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29400 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29459 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29777 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29908 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29908 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29983 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30321 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30444 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30444 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30540 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30809 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30965 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30965 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31055 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31299 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31432 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31432 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31522 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31786 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31951 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31951 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32008 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32314 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32460 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32460 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32544 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32785 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32919 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32919 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32986 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33280 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33426 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33426 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33523 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33788 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33935 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33935 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34020 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34298 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34450 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34450 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34507 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34845 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35018 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35018 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35095 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35405 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35522 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35522 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35578 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35978 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36122 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36122 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36211 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36449 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36640 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36640 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36705 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36996 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37180 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37181 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37268 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37486 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37614 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37614 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37699 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37977 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38118 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38118 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38214 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38509 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38658 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38658 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38714 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38972 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39074 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39075 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39134 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39489 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39684 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39687 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39763 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40057 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40255 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40255 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40333 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40596 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40752 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40753 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40838 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41136 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41281 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41281 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41347 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41583 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41749 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41749 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41806 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42099 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42255 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42255 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42333 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42579 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42713 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42713 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42783 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43048 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43248 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43249 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43313 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43613 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43808 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43808 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43904 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44113 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44227 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44227 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44311 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44598 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44743 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44743 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44831 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45078 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45204 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45205 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45269 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45590 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45719 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45719 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45770 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46085 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46221 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46221 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46290 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46635 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46747 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46747 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46835 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47105 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47289 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47289 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47350 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47620 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47789 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47789 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47872 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48179 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48296 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48296 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48347 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48653 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48846 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48846 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48918 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49226 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49382 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49382 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49450 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49716 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49834 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49834 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49922 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50229 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50340 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50340 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50427 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50685 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50786 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
