milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     53 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    153 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    350 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    350 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    447 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    744 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    939 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    939 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    997 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1325 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1441 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1441 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1504 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1684 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1837 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1838 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1889 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2088 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2282 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2282 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2368 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2604 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2724 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2724 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2787 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2950 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3126 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3126 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3202 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3479 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3612 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3612 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3664 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3905 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4022 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4022 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4111 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4447 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4592 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4592 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4645 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4857 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5053 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5053 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5137 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5423 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5562 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5562 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5641 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5839 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5980 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5980 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6055 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6295 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6434 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6435 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6535 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6716 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6895 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6895 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6951 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7155 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7260 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7260 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7354 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7725 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7828 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7829 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7895 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8170 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8335 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8335 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8421 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8597 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8703 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8703 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8778 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9136 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9273 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9273 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9369 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9557 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9688 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9688 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9767 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10026 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10194 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10194 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10275 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10477 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10578 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10578 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10650 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11044 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11200 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11200 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11299 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11495 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11600 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11600 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11653 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11917 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12028 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12028 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12111 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12460 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12635 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12635 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12696 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12887 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13075 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13075 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13135 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13376 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13558 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13558 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13655 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13927 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14047 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14047 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14133 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14357 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14470 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14470 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14546 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14837 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14937 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14937 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15036 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15265 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15369 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15369 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15450 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15729 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15919 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15920 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16013 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16142 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16314 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16314 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16392 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16544 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16673 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16673 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16762 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17034 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17149 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17149 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17229 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17453 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17679 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17863 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18047 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18047 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18148 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18343 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18460 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18460 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18536 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18904 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19055 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19055 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19119 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19291 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19435 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19435 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19489 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19851 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20030 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20030 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20105 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20302 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20405 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20405 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20464 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20743 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20846 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20846 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20939 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21142 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21251 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21251 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21349 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21644 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21845 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21845 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21924 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22089 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22194 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22194 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22282 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22697 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22802 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22802 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22863 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23107 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23220 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23220 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23311 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23617 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23770 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23770 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23845 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24051 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24220 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24221 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24297 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24588 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24770 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24770 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24869 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25045 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25163 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25163 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25240 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25540 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25705 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25705 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25760 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25953 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26118 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26118 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26179 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26519 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26709 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26709 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26764 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26993 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27154 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27154 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27247 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27514 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27653 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27654 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27708 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27907 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28019 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28020 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28104 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28362 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28534 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28534 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28597 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28837 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28940 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28940 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28996 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29295 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29496 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29496 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29554 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29734 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29861 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29861 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29915 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30152 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30290 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30290 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30340 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30636 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30802 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30802 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30855 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31098 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31245 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31246 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31334 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31547 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31659 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31659 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31750 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32006 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32126 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32126 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32192 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32441 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32593 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32594 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32659 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32923 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33120 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33120 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33216 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33538 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33677 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33677 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33755 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33961 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34123 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34123 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34215 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34522 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34665 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34665 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34727 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34985 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35179 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35179 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35258 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35446 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35612 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35612 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35700 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35921 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36057 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36058 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36139 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36370 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36550 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36550 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36635 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36863 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37005 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37005 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37093 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37308 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37471 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37471 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37550 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37747 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37866 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37866 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37947 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38199 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38393 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38393 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38459 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38673 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38866 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38867 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38947 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39133 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39319 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39319 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39408 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39641 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39797 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39797 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39870 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40060 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40197 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40198 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40286 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40506 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40686 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40687 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40738 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41037 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41213 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41214 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41271 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41511 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41667 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41667 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41741 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42093 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42094 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42180 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42496 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42656 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42656 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42725 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42953 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43072 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43073 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43172 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43466 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43595 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43595 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43651 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43987 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44125 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44125 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44196 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44413 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44568 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44568 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44651 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44934 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45056 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45056 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45141 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45387 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45556 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45556 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45609 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45851 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46014 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46014 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46068 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46281 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46432 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46432 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46502 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46963 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
