milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     57 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    158 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    258 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    258 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    322 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    614 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    799 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    799 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    890 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1192 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1362 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1362 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1462 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1711 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1900 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1900 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1978 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2220 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2415 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2415 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2489 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2725 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2852 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2852 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2913 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3184 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3333 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3333 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3401 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3695 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3818 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3819 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3882 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4177 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4323 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4323 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4401 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4717 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4836 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4837 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4932 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5185 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5372 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5373 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5452 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5727 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5843 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5843 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5912 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6178 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6373 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6373 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6471 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6768 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6902 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6902 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6979 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7303 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7471 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7471 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7533 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7796 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7990 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7991 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8088 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8291 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8423 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8423 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8515 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8755 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8871 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8871 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8931 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9217 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9387 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9387 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9440 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9690 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9795 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9795 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9886 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10215 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10357 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10357 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10453 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10671 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10781 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10781 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10873 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11132 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11257 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11257 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11327 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11607 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11797 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11797 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11864 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12160 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12277 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12278 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12357 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12700 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12814 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12814 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12910 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13129 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13269 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13269 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13332 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13650 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13834 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13834 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13885 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14212 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14316 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14317 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14369 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14713 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14826 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14826 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14920 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15225 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15363 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15363 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15429 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15722 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15869 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15870 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15937 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16178 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16279 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16279 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16344 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16691 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16850 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16850 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16936 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17181 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17296 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17296 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17355 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17725 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17926 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17926 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18009 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18272 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18394 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18394 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18480 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18712 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18900 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19241 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19425 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19425 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19501 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19734 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19834 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19835 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19920 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20231 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20425 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20425 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20511 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20727 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20914 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20915 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21001 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21317 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21503 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21504 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21564 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21843 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21971 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21971 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22072 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22372 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22527 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22527 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22607 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22851 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23014 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23015 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23094 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23421 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23589 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23589 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23648 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23935 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24052 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24053 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24105 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24376 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24553 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24553 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24634 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24927 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25063 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25063 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25153 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25387 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25531 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25531 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25585 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25910 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26111 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26111 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26203 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26493 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26660 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26661 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26720 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27008 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27114 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27115 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27197 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27435 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27543 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27543 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27597 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28006 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28142 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28142 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28206 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28487 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28630 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28630 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28705 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28942 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29136 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29136 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29189 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29597 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29741 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29741 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29803 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30125 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30321 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30321 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30401 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30637 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30758 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30759 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30814 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31086 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31190 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31190 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31276 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31520 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31703 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31703 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31792 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32019 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32189 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32189 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32245 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32519 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32666 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32666 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32729 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32996 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33140 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33141 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33212 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33444 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33551 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33551 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33651 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34093 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34258 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34258 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34322 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34644 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34845 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34845 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34923 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35221 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35404 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35405 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35463 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35753 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35871 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35872 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35959 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36228 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36392 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36392 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36471 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36698 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36854 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36854 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36904 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37218 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37328 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37328 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37395 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37726 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37894 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37895 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37987 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38261 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38422 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38423 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38490 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38734 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38868 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38868 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38957 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39193 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39364 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39364 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39458 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39687 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39840 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39840 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39914 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40255 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40427 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40427 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40512 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40755 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40905 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40905 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40973 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41281 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41442 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41442 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41520 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41771 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41902 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41902 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41969 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42276 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42378 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42378 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42465 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42713 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42854 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42854 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42947 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43249 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43423 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43423 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43474 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43817 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43975 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43975 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44075 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44327 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44509 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44509 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44602 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44905 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45048 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45048 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45139 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45377 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45507 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45507 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45600 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45889 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46085 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46085 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46183 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46456 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46635 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46635 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46731 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46935 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47105 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47105 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47158 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47485 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47620 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47620 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47700 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47944 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48137 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48137 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48194 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48468 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48606 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48606 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48680 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48987 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49112 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49113 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49168 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49465 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49605 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49605 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49665 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50001 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50189 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50189 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50284 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50535 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50685 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
