milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     94 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    386 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    500 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    500 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    568 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    884 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1013 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1013 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1111 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1383 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1547 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1547 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1629 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1901 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2034 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2035 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2108 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2588 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2588 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2671 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2925 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3043 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3043 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3143 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3428 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3579 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3580 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3654 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3942 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4142 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4142 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4238 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4490 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4610 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4610 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4686 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4913 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5023 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5023 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5123 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5411 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5606 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5606 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5673 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5937 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6136 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6136 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6209 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6531 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6675 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6676 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6758 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7036 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7226 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7226 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7314 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7549 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7661 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7661 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7729 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8015 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8199 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8199 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8256 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8536 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8654 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8654 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8752 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9010 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9180 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9181 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9260 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9545 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9795 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10030 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10198 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10198 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10258 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10498 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10654 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10654 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10705 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10961 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11136 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11136 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11187 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11445 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11587 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11587 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11647 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11974 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12108 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12108 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12185 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12505 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12659 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12659 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12719 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12993 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13148 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13148 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13221 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13523 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13638 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13638 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13710 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14005 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14193 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14194 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14245 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14521 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14629 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14629 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14701 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14979 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15084 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15084 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15177 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15456 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15577 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15578 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15660 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15922 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16047 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16047 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16134 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16435 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16568 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16568 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16663 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17170 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17170 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17260 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17474 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17612 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17613 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17690 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17979 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18169 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18170 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18244 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18562 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18752 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18752 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18827 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19132 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19294 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19294 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19392 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19622 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19768 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19768 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19849 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20103 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20226 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20226 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20287 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20621 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20797 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20797 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20889 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21151 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21265 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21265 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21363 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21662 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21857 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21858 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21920 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22228 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22356 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22356 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22419 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22714 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22846 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22846 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22919 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23229 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23366 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23366 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23448 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23669 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23787 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23787 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23877 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24180 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24369 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24369 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24419 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24670 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24862 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24862 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24960 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25205 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25390 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25390 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25457 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25757 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25952 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25953 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26052 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26291 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26468 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26468 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26549 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26824 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27002 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27002 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27083 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27324 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27452 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27452 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27524 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27825 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27938 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27938 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28000 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28288 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28469 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28469 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28535 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28831 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29024 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29024 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29114 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29403 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29511 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29511 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29573 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29875 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30027 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30027 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30115 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30394 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30530 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30530 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30587 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30851 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30996 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30996 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31076 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31313 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31477 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31477 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31535 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31869 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32006 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32006 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32076 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32383 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32501 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32501 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32570 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32845 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33004 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33004 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33064 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33332 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33527 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33527 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33582 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33905 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34077 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34077 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34130 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34432 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34638 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34938 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35102 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35102 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35172 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35497 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35687 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35687 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35759 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36034 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36162 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36162 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36243 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36524 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36651 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36652 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36718 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37024 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37195 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37196 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37258 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37591 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37748 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37748 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37805 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38088 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38252 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38252 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38349 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38558 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38687 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38687 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38759 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39058 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39218 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39218 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39316 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39518 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39678 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39679 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39753 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39983 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40163 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40164 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40233 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40526 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40676 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40676 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40756 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41036 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41173 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41174 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41271 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41531 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41692 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41692 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41743 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42051 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42175 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42175 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42273 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42572 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42674 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42674 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42765 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43027 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43177 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43177 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43269 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43552 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43677 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43677 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43729 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44014 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44166 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44166 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44250 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44497 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44601 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44601 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44676 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45057 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45209 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45210 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45301 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45597 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45729 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45729 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45825 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46086 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46225 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46225 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46290 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46596 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46744 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46744 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46797 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47099 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47258 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47258 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47314 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47616 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47769 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47770 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47832 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48131 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48328 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48328 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48425 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48630 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48763 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48763 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48819 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49137 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49295 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49295 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49357 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49616 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49795 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49796 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49861 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50129 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50254 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50255 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50345 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50736 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50859 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
