milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    100 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1761 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1877 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1877 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1955 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2062 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2232 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2233 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2328 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2814 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3003 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3003 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3074 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3355 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3512 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3512 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3572 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3673 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3779 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3779 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3869 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4192 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4330 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4330 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4417 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4518 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4701 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4701 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4766 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5361 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5484 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5484 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5562 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5749 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5888 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5888 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5960 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7129 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7282 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7282 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7360 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8046 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8180 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8180 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8245 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8348 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8526 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8526 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8600 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9004 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9139 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9139 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9208 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10044 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10170 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10170 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10245 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11228 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11359 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11359 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11454 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12180 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12352 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12353 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12438 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12538 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12693 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12693 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12766 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13090 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13244 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13244 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13306 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13666 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13818 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13818 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13908 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14470 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14572 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14572 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14661 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16329 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16512 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16512 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16583 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16684 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16854 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16854 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16915 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17047 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17215 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17215 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17280 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17380 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17535 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17535 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17611 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18004 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18182 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18182 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18237 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18337 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18466 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18466 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18524 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19203 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19324 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19324 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19408 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19509 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19622 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19622 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19678 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20787 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20958 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20958 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21050 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21179 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21327 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21327 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21414 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22059 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22185 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22186 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22283 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22664 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22834 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22834 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22905 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24004 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24160 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24160 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24218 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24348 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24458 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24458 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24541 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25575 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25683 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25684 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25763 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25876 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26065 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26065 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26132 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26243 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26359 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26359 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26433 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26878 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27059 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27060 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27119 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28582 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28750 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28750 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28824 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28925 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29090 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29090 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29188 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29288 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29413 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29414 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29484 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30698 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30800 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30800 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30892 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31601 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31714 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31714 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31797 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31902 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32050 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32050 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32118 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32218 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32346 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32346 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32427 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33544 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33717 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33717 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33768 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33915 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34095 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34095 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34160 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34260 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34361 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34362 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34452 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35159 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35307 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35307 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35385 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35676 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35864 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35864 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35931 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36034 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36213 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36213 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36310 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36411 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36558 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36558 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36646 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37317 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37497 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37497 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37562 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37698 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37822 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37822 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37891 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38500 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38643 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38643 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38732 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39488 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39679 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39679 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39768 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41165 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41304 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41305 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41389 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42061 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42196 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42196 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42288 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42452 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42577 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42577 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42643 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43312 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43489 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43489 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43586 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44157 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44317 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44317 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44397 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44512 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44680 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44680 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44737 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45606 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45761 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45761 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45824 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45955 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46116 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46116 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46212 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46313 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46456 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46456 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46516 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46617 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46805 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46805 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46897 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47533 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47718 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47718 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47812 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49314 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49441 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49441 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49518 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49645 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49776 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49776 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49831 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50596 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50732 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50732 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50829 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51544 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51653 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51653 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51711 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52090 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52192 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52192 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52246 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52653 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52760 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52760 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52813 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52954 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53114 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53114 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53204 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53527 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53663 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53663 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53713 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54409 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54595 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54595 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54657 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54774 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54948 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54948 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55014 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55873 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55996 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55996 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56080 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56666 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56823 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56823 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56875 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57046 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57156 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57156 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57247 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57356 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57519 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57519 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57615 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58302 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58472 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58472 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58524 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58624 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58739 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58739 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58800 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60509 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60706 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60706 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60776 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60877 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61076 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61076 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61144 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61487 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61609 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61609 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61664 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62011 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62181 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62181 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62241 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62943 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63130 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63130 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63222 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63322 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63443 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63443 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63520 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64466 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64662 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64662 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64733 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65431 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65590 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65590 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65666 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66795 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66986 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66986 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67050 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67361 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67466 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67466 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67523 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67833 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68030 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68030 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68097 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68351 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68480 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68481 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68550 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68790 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68938 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68938 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69014 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69367 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69502 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69502 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69564 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69912 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70021 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70021 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70099 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70365 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70476 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70476 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70575 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70941 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71060 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
