milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     56 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    156 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    289 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    289 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    387 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    627 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    800 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    801 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    858 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1187 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1383 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1384 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1458 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1748 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1882 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1882 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1968 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2266 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2425 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2519 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2749 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2869 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2869 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2951 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3241 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3428 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3428 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3508 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3773 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3880 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3880 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3943 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4277 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4455 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4455 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4516 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4764 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4887 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4887 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4937 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5218 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5376 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5376 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5432 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5743 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5860 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5860 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5918 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6223 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6347 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6347 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6417 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6731 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6858 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6858 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6924 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7226 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7349 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7349 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7415 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7707 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7813 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7813 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7878 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8291 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8445 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8445 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8510 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8817 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8919 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8919 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9008 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9275 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9380 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9380 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9430 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9720 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9864 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9864 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9957 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10198 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10329 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10329 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10418 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10676 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10864 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10864 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10944 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11227 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11387 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11387 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11475 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11707 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11876 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11876 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11944 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12249 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12387 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12387 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12453 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12780 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12906 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12906 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13006 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13223 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13361 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13361 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13450 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13750 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13924 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13924 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14005 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14312 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14437 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14437 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14518 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14813 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14979 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14979 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15043 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15311 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15435 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15435 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15492 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15798 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15922 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15922 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15996 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16260 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16435 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16435 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16534 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16791 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17063 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17281 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17472 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17472 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17536 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17826 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17967 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17968 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18043 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18283 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18403 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18403 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18496 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18787 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18916 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18916 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19010 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19316 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19436 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19436 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19494 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19768 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19948 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19948 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20007 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20270 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20446 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20446 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20524 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20797 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20917 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20917 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20972 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21265 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21374 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21374 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21465 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21857 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22042 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22042 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22133 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22386 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22489 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22490 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22590 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22870 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23025 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23026 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23089 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23366 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23526 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23526 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23589 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23859 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23993 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23993 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24057 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24370 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24504 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24504 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24568 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24863 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24966 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24966 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25038 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25390 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25589 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25589 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25687 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25952 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26092 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26092 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26191 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26468 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26634 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26634 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26713 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27002 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27168 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27168 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27235 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27495 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27637 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27638 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27724 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28024 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28154 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28154 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28223 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28487 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28625 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28625 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28688 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29024 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29135 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29135 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29233 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29511 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29677 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29677 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29762 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30027 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30206 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30206 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30285 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30544 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30709 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30709 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30773 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31065 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31198 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31199 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31249 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31532 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31685 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31686 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31782 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32051 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32214 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32214 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32272 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32560 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32684 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32685 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32769 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33019 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33180 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33180 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33235 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33527 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33687 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33688 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33762 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34077 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34198 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34198 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34288 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34550 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34679 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34679 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34730 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35118 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35241 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35241 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35294 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35687 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35878 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35878 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35950 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36222 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36349 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36349 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36401 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36740 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36896 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36896 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36974 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37281 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37386 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37386 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37466 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37748 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37877 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37877 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37953 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38252 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38409 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38409 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38498 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38758 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38872 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38872 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38935 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39218 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39389 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39389 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39455 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39784 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39956 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39956 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40027 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40355 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40496 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40496 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40594 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40853 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41036 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41036 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41134 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41381 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41482 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41483 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41533 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41849 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41999 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41999 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42098 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42355 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42478 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42479 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42541 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42813 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42948 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42948 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43041 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43349 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43512 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43512 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43586 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43909 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44013 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44013 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44078 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44327 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44497 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44497 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44555 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44843 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44978 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44978 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45069 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45305 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45490 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45490 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45583 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45820 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45943 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45943 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46000 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46322 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46508 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46508 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46600 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46847 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46982 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46982 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47079 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47390 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47492 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47492 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47586 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47890 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48079 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48079 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48158 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48396 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48553 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48553 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48650 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48946 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49126 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49126 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49189 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49482 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49616 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49616 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49705 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49934 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50129 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50129 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50202 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50440 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50583 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
