milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     63 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    164 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    354 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    354 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    446 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    547 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    741 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    742 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    833 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1331 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1449 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1449 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1503 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2915 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3033 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3033 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3095 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3773 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3887 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3887 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3945 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4080 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4195 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4195 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4281 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4948 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5097 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5097 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5160 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5261 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5446 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5446 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5514 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5858 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6015 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6015 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6108 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6209 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6328 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6328 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6402 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6513 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6703 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6703 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6790 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7685 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7792 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7792 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7883 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8488 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8680 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8680 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8771 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9569 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9748 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9748 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9840 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10528 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10642 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10642 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10708 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10833 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10979 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10979 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11067 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11722 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11870 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11870 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11953 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12054 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12196 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12196 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12273 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12639 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12774 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12774 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12838 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13190 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13319 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13319 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13407 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14018 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14211 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14211 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14268 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14368 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14528 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14528 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14579 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14834 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14959 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14959 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15033 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15150 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15292 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15292 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15365 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15468 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15642 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15642 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15711 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15811 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15964 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15964 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16058 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17481 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17595 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17595 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17653 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18687 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18932 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19628 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19741 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19741 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19808 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19929 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20129 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20129 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20222 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20323 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20516 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20516 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20585 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20686 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20878 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20878 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20967 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21659 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21773 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21773 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21825 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22159 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22334 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22334 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22443 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22764 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22871 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22872 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22971 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23535 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23635 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23635 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23698 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24745 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24933 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24933 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25031 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25132 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25317 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25317 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25402 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27368 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27504 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27504 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27560 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27670 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27773 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27773 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27847 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28043 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28219 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28220 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28311 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28411 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28597 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28597 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28688 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29715 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29855 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29855 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29922 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31114 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31224 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31224 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31275 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32686 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32887 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32887 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32966 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33067 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33256 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33256 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33319 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33420 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33614 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33614 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33679 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34679 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34839 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34839 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34890 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35575 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35733 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35733 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35829 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36851 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37038 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37038 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37114 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37214 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37398 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37398 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37454 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38149 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38299 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38299 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38391 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38986 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39097 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39097 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39174 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40111 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40233 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40233 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40328 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41265 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41382 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41382 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41453 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41605 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41763 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41763 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41841 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41961 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42150 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42150 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42230 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42563 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42728 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42728 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42789 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42889 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43011 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43011 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43089 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43457 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43690 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43790 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43920 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43920 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43991 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44990 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45158 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45159 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45233 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47187 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47332 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47332 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47402 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48067 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48254 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48254 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48306 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48406 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48600 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48600 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48654 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48770 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48945 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48945 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49001 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50077 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50191 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50191 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50264 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50976 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51101 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51102 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51195 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51973 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52145 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52145 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52218 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52548 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52649 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52649 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52719 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53059 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53197 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53197 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53292 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53976 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54106 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54106 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54200 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55381 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55515 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55515 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55569 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56239 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56351 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56351 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56426 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56551 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56745 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56745 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56828 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57883 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57991 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57991 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58090 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58191 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58300 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58300 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58393 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58973 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59105 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59105 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59178 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59279 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59389 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59389 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59444 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59961 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60143 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60143 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60233 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60999 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61134 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61134 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61190 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61911 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62021 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62021 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62085 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62500 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62691 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62691 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62742 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62843 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62997 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62997 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63095 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63688 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63835 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63835 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63901 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64001 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64123 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64123 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64210 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64616 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64813 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64813 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64885 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64985 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65138 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65138 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65221 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65322 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65448 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65448 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65508 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65947 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66113 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66113 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66185 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66312 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66508 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66509 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66580 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66680 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66834 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66834 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66926 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67187 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67341 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67341 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67414 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67677 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67783 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67783 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67838 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68230 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68337 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68337 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68436 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68683 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68872 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68872 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68966 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69267 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69467 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69467 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69526 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69768 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69946 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69947 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70017 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70265 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70454 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70454 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70535 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70841 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70995 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
