milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     72 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    172 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    297 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    297 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    397 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    672 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    867 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    868 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    926 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1289 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1483 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1483 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1540 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1784 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1934 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1934 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2014 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2243 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2406 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2406 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2500 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2704 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2849 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2849 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2940 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3167 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3342 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3342 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3425 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3584 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3708 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3709 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3777 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4252 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4252 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4311 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4548 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4696 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4696 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4770 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5083 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5276 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5278 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5370 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5523 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5724 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5724 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5815 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6031 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6153 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6154 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6240 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6414 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6522 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6522 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6618 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6893 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7014 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7014 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7083 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7365 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7552 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7552 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7608 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7826 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7986 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7986 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8079 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8270 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8420 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8421 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8477 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8785 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8970 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8970 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9038 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9236 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9355 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9355 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9440 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9680 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9871 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9872 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9971 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10127 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10328 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10328 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10407 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10681 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10853 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10853 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10916 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11144 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11253 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11253 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11335 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11674 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11782 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11782 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11844 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12092 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12264 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12264 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12355 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12563 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12677 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12677 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12765 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13026 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13186 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13186 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13259 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13551 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13730 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13731 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13825 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14028 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14226 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14226 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14326 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14539 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14679 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14679 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14752 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14971 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15127 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15127 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15208 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15394 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15555 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15556 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15649 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15829 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15942 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15942 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16022 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16262 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16372 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16373 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16466 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16740 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16906 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16906 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16966 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17157 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17308 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17308 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17408 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17743 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17743 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17813 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17983 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18156 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18156 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18206 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18590 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18740 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18740 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18794 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19032 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19143 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19144 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19241 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19501 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19687 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19688 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19761 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19951 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20093 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20093 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20194 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20402 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20554 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20554 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20646 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20914 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21038 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21039 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21110 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21301 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21449 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21449 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21513 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21744 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21932 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21932 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22011 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22355 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22544 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22544 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22602 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22811 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22973 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22974 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23053 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23316 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23449 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23449 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23526 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23718 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23888 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23889 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23986 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24261 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24490 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24722 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24919 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24919 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24976 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25233 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25347 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25347 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25423 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25671 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25829 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25829 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25887 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26178 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26374 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26374 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26444 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26619 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26807 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26807 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26899 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27241 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27409 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27409 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27485 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27614 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27798 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27798 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27863 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28036 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28187 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28188 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28257 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28467 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28654 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28655 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28752 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28980 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29122 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29122 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29181 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29396 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29570 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29570 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29652 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29904 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30013 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30013 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30099 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30289 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30440 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30440 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30534 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30736 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30855 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30855 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30946 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31259 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31366 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31367 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31428 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31687 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31864 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31864 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31960 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32107 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32292 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32292 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32390 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32541 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32726 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32824 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33024 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33127 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33127 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33205 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33564 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33755 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33755 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33819 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34202 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34333 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34333 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34409 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34622 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34807 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34807 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34884 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35122 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35263 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35263 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35330 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35637 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35816 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35816 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35901 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36056 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36175 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36175 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36244 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36556 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36702 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36702 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36782 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37002 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37167 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37167 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37251 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37409 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37562 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37562 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37656 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37847 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38035 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38035 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38125 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38300 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38471 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38471 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38567 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38799 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38979 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38979 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39078 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39342 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39501 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39501 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39575 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39784 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39919 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39919 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40002 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40269 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40384 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40384 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40441 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40674 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40837 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40837 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40934 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41137 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41319 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41320 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41417 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41680 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41798 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41799 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41869 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42136 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42336 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42336 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42391 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42596 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42763 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42764 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42815 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43153 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43352 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43352 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43428 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43805 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43805 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43885 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44098 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44228 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44228 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44311 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44643 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44757 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44758 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44830 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45086 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45254 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45254 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45334 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45566 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45692 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45692 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45748 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46003 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46269 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46554 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46719 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46719 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46775 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47020 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47165 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
