milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     84 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    856 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1006 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1006 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1069 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1861 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1998 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1998 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2080 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2181 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2294 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2294 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2355 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2631 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2734 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2734 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2831 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3204 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3356 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3356 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3452 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3556 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3659 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3659 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3751 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4395 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4549 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4549 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4647 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4747 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4847 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4848 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4932 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5546 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5721 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5721 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5783 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6883 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7033 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7033 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7097 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7229 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7354 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7354 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7455 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8146 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8347 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8347 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8431 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8849 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9020 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9021 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9105 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9205 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9369 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9369 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9465 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10144 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10327 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10327 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10400 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11079 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11230 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11230 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11304 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11429 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11622 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11622 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11698 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12397 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12503 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12503 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12578 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13445 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13572 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13572 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13630 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13767 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13881 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13881 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13942 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14628 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14733 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14733 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14808 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16228 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16411 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16411 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16483 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16583 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16758 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16758 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16846 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16946 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17096 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17096 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17163 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17269 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17377 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17377 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17476 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17735 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17867 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17867 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17949 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18105 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18253 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18253 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18352 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18452 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18587 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18587 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18666 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19024 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19129 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19129 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19226 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19404 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19528 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19528 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19609 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20978 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21081 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21081 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21155 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21280 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21458 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21458 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21554 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21880 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22029 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22029 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22100 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22529 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22662 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22662 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22743 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23164 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23334 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23334 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23430 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23735 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23906 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23906 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23995 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24104 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24279 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24279 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24353 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24454 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24645 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24645 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24703 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25474 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25590 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25590 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25658 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25776 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25952 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25952 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26042 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26142 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26276 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26276 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26361 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26698 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26849 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26849 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26933 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27079 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27268 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27268 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27357 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28799 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28981 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28981 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29065 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29173 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29363 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29363 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29414 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30042 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30154 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30154 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30235 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30562 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30747 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30747 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30826 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31416 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31608 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31608 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31664 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31801 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31905 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31905 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31982 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32102 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32288 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32288 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32355 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33714 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33870 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33870 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33932 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34032 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34204 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34204 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34255 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34360 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34479 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34479 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34548 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34939 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35134 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35134 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35207 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35307 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35475 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35475 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35542 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35833 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36016 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36016 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36072 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36173 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36322 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36322 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36393 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36511 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36628 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36629 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36692 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37598 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37771 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37771 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37857 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38600 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38731 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38731 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38810 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39197 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39393 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39393 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39492 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39592 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39753 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39753 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39835 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40421 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40598 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40598 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40698 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40974 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41152 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41152 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41252 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42251 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42382 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42382 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42472 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43112 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43289 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43289 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43377 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44020 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44212 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44212 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44311 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44411 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44565 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44566 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44666 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44766 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44890 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44890 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44965 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45317 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45447 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45447 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45501 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45707 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45855 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45855 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45955 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46055 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46241 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46241 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46301 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46413 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46569 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46569 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46636 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46737 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46926 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47633 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47766 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47766 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47848 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49098 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49282 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49282 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49340 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49440 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49582 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49582 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49647 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49747 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49865 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49865 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49918 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50335 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50470 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50470 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50616 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50717 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50875 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50875 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50927 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51282 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51393 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51393 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51469 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51644 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51771 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51771 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51839 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52245 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52347 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52348 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52414 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52753 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52932 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52932 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53009 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53427 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53609 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53609 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53705 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54308 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54493 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54493 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54574 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54674 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54846 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54846 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54908 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55008 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55180 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55180 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55248 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55615 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55786 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55786 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55863 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55974 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56139 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56139 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56203 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56946 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57095 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57096 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57155 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57256 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57435 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57435 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57526 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58503 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58649 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58649 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58735 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59492 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59610 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59610 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59666 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60409 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60605 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60605 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60658 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60759 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60899 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60899 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60966 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61387 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61587 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61587 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61644 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62121 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62223 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62223 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62291 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63197 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63395 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63395 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63466 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64251 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64381 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
