milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    102 #  Round:   1 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    365 #  Round:   1 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    560 #  Round:   1 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    560 #  Round:   2 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    625 #  Round:   2 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    747 #  Round:   2 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    908 #  Round:   2 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    908 #  Round:   3 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    989 #  Round:   3 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1230 #  Round:   3 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1398 #  Round:   3 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1398 #  Round:   4 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1472 #  Round:   4 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2530 #  Round:   4 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2714 #  Round:   4 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2714 #  Round:   5 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2800 #  Round:   5 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3103 #  Round:   5 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3254 #  Round:   5 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3255 #  Round:   6 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3310 #  Round:   6 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3879 #  Round:   6 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4066 #  Round:   6 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4066 #  Round:   7 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4167 #  Round:   7 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4847 #  Round:   7 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4965 #  Round:   7 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4965 #  Round:   8 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5055 #  Round:   8 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5155 #  Round:   8 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5260 #  Round:   8 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5260 #  Round:   9 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5351 #  Round:   9 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6088 #  Round:   9 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6217 #  Round:   9 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6217 #  Round:  10 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6298 #  Round:  10 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6413 #  Round:  10 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6556 #  Round:  10 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6556 #  Round:  11 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6629 #  Round:  11 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6729 #  Round:  11 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6928 #  Round:  11 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6929 #  Round:  12 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7015 #  Round:  12 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7583 #  Round:  12 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7744 #  Round:  12 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7744 #  Round:  13 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7812 #  Round:  13 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8726 #  Round:  13 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8904 #  Round:  13 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8904 #  Round:  14 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8962 #  Round:  14 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9306 #  Round:  14 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9495 #  Round:  14 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9495 #  Round:  15 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9556 #  Round:  15 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9670 #  Round:  15 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9834 #  Round:  15 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9834 #  Round:  16 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9933 #  Round:  16 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10271 #  Round:  16 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10433 #  Round:  16 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10433 #  Round:  17 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10525 #  Round:  17 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10628 #  Round:  17 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10762 #  Round:  17 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10763 #  Round:  18 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10829 #  Round:  18 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10934 #  Round:  18 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11128 #  Round:  18 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11128 #  Round:  19 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11216 #  Round:  19 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11539 #  Round:  19 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11728 #  Round:  19 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11728 #  Round:  20 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11793 #  Round:  20 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11923 #  Round:  20 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12079 #  Round:  20 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12080 #  Round:  21 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12169 #  Round:  21 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13344 #  Round:  21 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13465 #  Round:  21 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13465 #  Round:  22 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13564 #  Round:  22 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13918 #  Round:  22 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14074 #  Round:  22 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14074 #  Round:  23 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14157 #  Round:  23 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14257 #  Round:  23 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14369 #  Round:  23 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14369 #  Round:  24 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14462 #  Round:  24 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14728 #  Round:  24 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14885 #  Round:  24 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14885 #  Round:  25 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14950 #  Round:  25 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15050 #  Round:  25 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15203 #  Round:  25 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15203 #  Round:  26 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15264 #  Round:  26 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15368 #  Round:  26 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15522 #  Round:  26 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15522 #  Round:  27 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15606 #  Round:  27 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15706 #  Round:  27 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15894 #  Round:  27 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15894 #  Round:  28 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15970 #  Round:  28 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17635 #  Round:  28 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17803 #  Round:  28 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17803 #  Round:  29 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17895 #  Round:  29 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18566 #  Round:  29 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18739 #  Round:  29 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18739 #  Round:  30 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18824 #  Round:  30 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18924 #  Round:  30 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19102 #  Round:  30 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19103 #  Round:  31 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19183 #  Round:  31 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19829 #  Round:  31 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19988 #  Round:  31 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19988 #  Round:  32 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20039 #  Round:  32 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20183 #  Round:  32 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20363 #  Round:  32 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20363 #  Round:  33 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20440 #  Round:  33 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20542 #  Round:  33 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20646 #  Round:  33 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20646 #  Round:  34 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20730 #  Round:  34 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21427 #  Round:  34 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21594 #  Round:  34 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21594 #  Round:  35 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21680 #  Round:  35 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21780 #  Round:  35 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21959 #  Round:  35 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21959 #  Round:  36 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22049 #  Round:  36 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22387 #  Round:  36 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22564 #  Round:  36 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22564 #  Round:  37 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22639 #  Round:  37 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23265 #  Round:  37 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23411 #  Round:  37 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23411 #  Round:  38 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23490 #  Round:  38 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23635 #  Round:  38 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23803 #  Round:  38 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23803 #  Round:  39 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23893 #  Round:  39 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24558 #  Round:  39 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24708 #  Round:  39 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24708 #  Round:  40 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24787 #  Round:  40 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24946 #  Round:  40 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25085 #  Round:  40 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25085 #  Round:  41 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25168 #  Round:  41 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25333 #  Round:  41 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25468 #  Round:  41 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25468 #  Round:  42 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25569 #  Round:  42 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26598 #  Round:  42 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26778 #  Round:  42 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26778 #  Round:  43 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26856 #  Round:  43 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27187 #  Round:  43 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27349 #  Round:  43 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27349 #  Round:  44 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27447 #  Round:  44 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27569 #  Round:  44 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27750 #  Round:  44 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27750 #  Round:  45 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27826 #  Round:  45 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27942 #  Round:  45 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28113 #  Round:  45 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28113 #  Round:  46 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28167 #  Round:  46 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28298 #  Round:  46 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28482 #  Round:  46 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28482 #  Round:  47 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28565 #  Round:  47 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29615 #  Round:  47 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29755 #  Round:  47 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29755 #  Round:  48 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29842 #  Round:  48 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29942 #  Round:  48 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30064 #  Round:  48 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30065 #  Round:  49 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30156 #  Round:  49 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30461 #  Round:  49 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30597 #  Round:  49 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30598 #  Round:  50 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30655 #  Round:  50 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31013 #  Round:  50 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31123 #  Round:  50 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31124 #  Round:  51 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31202 #  Round:  51 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31315 #  Round:  51 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31500 #  Round:  51 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31500 #  Round:  52 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31574 #  Round:  52 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32586 #  Round:  52 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  52 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  53 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32815 #  Round:  53 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32926 #  Round:  53 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33121 #  Round:  53 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33121 #  Round:  54 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33188 #  Round:  54 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33308 #  Round:  54 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33443 #  Round:  54 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33443 #  Round:  55 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33519 #  Round:  55 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34462 #  Round:  55 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34657 #  Round:  55 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34657 #  Round:  56 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34734 #  Round:  56 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34834 #  Round:  56 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34959 #  Round:  56 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34959 #  Round:  57 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35013 #  Round:  57 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35408 #  Round:  57 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35524 #  Round:  57 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35524 #  Round:  58 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35577 #  Round:  58 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36951 #  Round:  58 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37141 #  Round:  58 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37141 #  Round:  59 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37233 #  Round:  59 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38048 #  Round:  59 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38232 #  Round:  59 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38232 #  Round:  60 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38313 #  Round:  60 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39087 #  Round:  60 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39287 #  Round:  60 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39287 #  Round:  61 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39367 #  Round:  61 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40011 #  Round:  61 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40139 #  Round:  61 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40139 #  Round:  62 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40190 #  Round:  62 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40313 #  Round:  62 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40511 #  Round:  62 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40511 #  Round:  63 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40611 #  Round:  63 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40874 #  Round:  63 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41065 #  Round:  63 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41065 #  Round:  64 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41121 #  Round:  64 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41405 #  Round:  64 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41579 #  Round:  64 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41579 #  Round:  65 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41659 #  Round:  65 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41759 #  Round:  65 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41905 #  Round:  65 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41905 #  Round:  66 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41980 #  Round:  66 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42677 #  Round:  66 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42801 #  Round:  66 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42801 #  Round:  67 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42851 #  Round:  67 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42989 #  Round:  67 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43095 #  Round:  67 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43095 #  Round:  68 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43162 #  Round:  68 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43589 #  Round:  68 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43738 #  Round:  68 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43738 #  Round:  69 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43791 #  Round:  69 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43891 #  Round:  69 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44057 #  Round:  69 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44057 #  Round:  70 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44155 #  Round:  70 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44867 #  Round:  70 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45028 #  Round:  70 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45028 #  Round:  71 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45116 #  Round:  71 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45216 #  Round:  71 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45406 #  Round:  71 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45406 #  Round:  72 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45458 #  Round:  72 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47087 #  Round:  72 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47261 #  Round:  72 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47261 #  Round:  73 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47339 #  Round:  73 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47966 #  Round:  73 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48124 #  Round:  73 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48124 #  Round:  74 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48199 #  Round:  74 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48299 #  Round:  74 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48488 #  Round:  74 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48488 #  Round:  75 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48570 #  Round:  75 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48670 #  Round:  75 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48815 #  Round:  75 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48815 #  Round:  76 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48897 #  Round:  76 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48998 #  Round:  76 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49113 #  Round:  76 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49113 #  Round:  77 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49208 #  Round:  77 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49877 #  Round:  77 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50067 #  Round:  77 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50067 #  Round:  78 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50134 #  Round:  78 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50235 #  Round:  78 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50395 #  Round:  78 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50395 #  Round:  79 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50476 #  Round:  79 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50833 #  Round:  79 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50949 #  Round:  79 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50949 #  Round:  80 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51013 #  Round:  80 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51176 #  Round:  80 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51344 #  Round:  80 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51344 #  Round:  81 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51423 #  Round:  81 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51753 #  Round:  81 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51916 #  Round:  81 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51916 #  Round:  82 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51994 #  Round:  82 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52346 #  Round:  82 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52491 #  Round:  82 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52491 #  Round:  83 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52586 #  Round:  83 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53876 #  Round:  83 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54056 #  Round:  83 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54056 #  Round:  84 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54113 #  Round:  84 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55108 #  Round:  84 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55290 #  Round:  84 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55290 #  Round:  85 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55360 #  Round:  85 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55482 #  Round:  85 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55672 #  Round:  85 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55672 #  Round:  86 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55723 #  Round:  86 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56097 #  Round:  86 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56272 #  Round:  86 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56272 #  Round:  87 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56350 #  Round:  87 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56450 #  Round:  87 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56566 #  Round:  87 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56566 #  Round:  88 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56627 #  Round:  88 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57783 #  Round:  88 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57895 #  Round:  88 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57895 #  Round:  89 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57956 #  Round:  89 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58090 #  Round:  89 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58202 #  Round:  89 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58202 #  Round:  90 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58279 #  Round:  90 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59074 #  Round:  90 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59225 #  Round:  90 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59226 #  Round:  91 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59292 #  Round:  91 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59392 #  Round:  91 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59581 #  Round:  91 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59581 #  Round:  92 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59658 #  Round:  92 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60061 #  Round:  92 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60208 #  Round:  92 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60209 #  Round:  93 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60290 #  Round:  93 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62600 #  Round:  93 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62800 #  Round:  93 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62800 #  Round:  94 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62886 #  Round:  94 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63789 #  Round:  94 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63980 #  Round:  94 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63980 #  Round:  95 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64050 #  Round:  95 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64150 #  Round:  95 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64264 #  Round:  95 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64265 #  Round:  96 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64321 #  Round:  96 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64863 #  Round:  96 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65007 #  Round:  96 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65007 #  Round:  97 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65070 #  Round:  97 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65188 #  Round:  97 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65330 #  Round:  97 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65331 #  Round:  98 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65400 #  Round:  98 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65847 #  Round:  98 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66021 #  Round:  98 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66022 #  Round:  99 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66111 #  Round:  99 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66211 #  Round:  99 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66336 #  Round:  99 #  entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66336 #  Round: 100 #  entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66398 #  Round: 100 #  entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66513 #  Round: 100 #  entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66695 #  Round: 100 #  entering LEAVING state
