Script started on Monday 24 September 2018 04:49:38 PM IST
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [Kscript typescript_dpp_DLF[25D./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6   [12Dsemaphore -n 6[14Dmutex -n 6    [10Dsemaphore -n 6[14Doddeven -n 6  [22Dscript typescript_dpp_DLF[25D                         [25Dmmake[?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m make[K
gcc dpp_DL.c -o dpp_DL -lpthread
run as ./dpp_DL -n num_of_philosophers
gcc dpp_DLF_semaphore.c -o dpp_DLF_semaphore -lpthread -lm
run as ./dpp_DLF_semaphore -n num_of_philosophers
gcc dpp_DLF_mutex.c -o dpp_DLF_mutex -lpthread
run as ./dpp_DLF_mutex -n num_of_philosophers
gcc dpp_DLF_oddeven.c -o dpp_DLF_oddeven -lpthread
run as ./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n num_of_philosophers
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [Kmakescript typescript_dpp_DLF[25D./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6   [12Dsemaphore -n 6[14Doddeven -n 6  [22Dscript typescript_dpp_DLF[25D./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6   [12Dsemaphore -n 6[14Dmutex -n 6    [?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m ./dpp_DLF_mutex -n 6[K
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      2 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      2 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      2 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     59 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     59 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:     60 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     60 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:     70 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     95 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     98 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     99 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     99 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    194 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    194 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    206 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    206 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    206 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    214 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    214 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    214 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    214 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    282 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    285 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    285 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    354 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    354 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    384 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    384 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    384 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    386 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    386 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    386 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    386 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    450 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    465 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    479 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    511 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    511 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    512 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    512 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    512 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    521 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    521 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    521 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    521 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    595 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    601 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    610 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    660 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    660 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    674 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    674 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    674 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    695 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    695 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    695 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    696 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    729 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    756 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    791 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    792 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    793 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    802 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    802 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    802 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    856 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    856 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    856 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    856 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    865 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    874 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    938 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    938 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    940 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    963 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    963 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    963 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1035 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1046 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1090 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1090 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1134 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1140 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1140 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1140 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1170 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1202 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1202 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1202 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1202 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1204 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1242 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1242 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1279 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1302 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1302 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1310 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1310 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1358 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1358 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1358 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1394 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1446 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1488 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1488 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1488 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1488 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1517 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1517 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1555 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1603 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1603 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1637 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1637 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1637 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1637 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1637 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1722 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1726 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1785 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1785 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1785 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1785 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1821 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1821 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1835 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1873 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1873 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1893 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1893 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1903 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1903 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1903 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1951 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1972 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2040 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2040 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2040 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2040 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2073 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2073 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2098 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2132 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2132 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2163 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2163 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2192 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2192 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2192 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2240 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2253 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2253 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2253 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2253 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2286 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2321 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2321 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2321 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2402 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2402 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2425 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2425 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2510 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2520 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2570 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2570 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2570 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2570 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2609 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2609 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2653 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2661 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2661 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2676 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2676 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2763 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2763 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2763 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2769 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2816 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2816 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2816 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2816 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2818 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2874 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2925 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2925 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2933 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2933 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2933 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2955 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2955 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2955 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2955 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2989 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3015 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3045 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3087 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3087 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3097 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3097 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3097 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3123 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3123 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3123 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3123 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3149 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3183 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3197 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3231 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3231 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3233 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3233 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3233 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3295 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3314 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3322 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3322 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3322 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3322 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3372 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3403 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3403 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3425 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3425 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3425 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3455 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3466 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3466 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3466 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3466 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3498 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3555 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3583 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3583 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3596 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3596 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3596 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3624 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3624 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3624 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3624 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3675 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3683 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3691 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3708 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3708 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3742 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3742 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3742 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3769 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3805 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3805 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3805 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3805 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3807 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3858 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3909 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3909 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3927 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3927 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3927 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3933 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3933 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3933 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3933 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3965 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4023 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4027 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4059 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4059 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4105 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4105 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4105 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4105 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4115 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4161 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4170 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4186 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4186 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4217 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4217 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4217 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4237 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4237 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4237 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4237 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4248 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4314 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4315 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4374 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4374 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4393 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4393 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4393 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4414 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4414 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4414 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4414 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4453 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4460 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4478 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4549 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4549 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4582 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4582 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4582 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4598 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4598 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4598 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4598 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4604 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4637 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4675 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4754 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4754 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4776 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4776 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4776 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4796 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4796 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4796 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4796 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4845 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4852 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4878 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4949 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4949 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4964 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4964 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4964 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4974 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4974 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4974 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4974 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5010 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5021 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5052 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5074 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5074 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5119 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5119 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5119 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5148 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5156 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5156 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5156 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5156 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5169 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5212 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5307 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5307 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5310 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5310 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5310 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5318 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5318 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5318 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5319 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5392 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5394 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5396 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5422 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5422 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5482 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5482 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5482 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5487 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5487 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5487 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5487 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5508 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5537 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5545 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5588 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5588 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5615 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5615 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5615 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5628 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5628 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5628 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5629 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5679 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5684 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5724 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5759 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5759 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5778 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5778 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5778 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5826 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5826 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5826 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5826 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5829 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5850 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5879 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5879 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5920 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5938 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5938 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5938 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5938 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5938 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5938 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5938 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5955 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6008 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6012 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6059 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6059 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6094 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6094 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6094 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6106 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6106 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6106 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6106 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6141 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6154 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6191 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6232 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6232 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6250 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6250 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6250 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6273 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6273 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6273 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6273 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6318 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6338 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6359 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6363 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6363 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6414 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6414 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6414 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6435 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6435 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6435 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6435 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6437 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6494 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6505 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6598 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6598 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6613 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6613 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6613 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6630 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6630 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6630 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6630 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6659 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6710 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6714 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6727 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6727 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6769 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6769 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6769 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6782 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6823 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6823 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6823 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6823 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6839 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6887 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6943 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6943 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6973 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6974 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6973 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7020 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7020 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7020 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7020 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7021 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7069 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7091 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7104 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7104 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7123 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7123 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7123 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7180 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7183 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7183 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7183 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7183 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7200 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7253 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7253 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7254 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7334 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7334 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7334 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7347 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7356 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7356 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7356 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7356 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7405 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7445 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7445 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7451 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7463 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7463 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7463 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7497 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7497 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7497 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7497 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7513 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7548 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7569 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7586 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7586 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7626 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7626 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7626 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7658 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7683 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7683 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7683 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7683 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7686 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7771 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7806 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7806 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7818 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7818 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7818 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7857 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7857 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7857 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7857 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7885 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7914 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7914 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8010 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8010 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8017 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8017 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8017 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8026 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8026 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8026 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8026 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8079 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8088 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8102 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8146 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8146 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8148 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8148 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8148 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8162 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8162 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8162 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8162 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8202 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8220 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8242 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8308 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8308 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8347 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8347 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8348 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8358 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8358 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8358 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8358 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8406 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8413 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8448 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8455 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8455 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8506 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8506 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8517 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8517 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8548 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8548 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8548 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8608 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8635 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8670 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8670 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8670 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8670 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8720 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8720 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8735 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8781 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8781 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8781 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8787 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8792 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8792 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8792 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8792 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8869 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8873 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8962 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8962 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8971 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8971 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8971 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8982 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8982 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8982 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8982 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9025 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9064 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9068 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9076 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9076 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9143 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9143 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9143 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9165 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9166 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9166 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9166 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9166 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9205 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9249 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9270 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9270 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9331 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9331 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9331 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9339 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9364 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9364 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9364 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9364 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9393 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9427 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9494 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9494 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9515 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9515 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9515 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9525 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9525 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9525 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9525 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9560 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9585 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9615 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9637 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9638 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9681 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9681 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9681 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9731 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9759 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9769 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9862 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9863 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9872 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9872 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9872 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9880 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9880 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9880 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9880 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9943 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9948 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9970 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9988 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9988 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9997 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9997 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9997 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10048 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10063 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10079 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10079 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10079 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10079 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10148 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10176 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10176 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10196 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10196 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10196 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10217 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10217 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10217 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10217 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10259 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10270 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10290 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10326 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10326 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10350 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10350 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10350 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10374 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10374 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10374 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10374 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10421 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10432 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10441 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10482 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10482 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10485 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10485 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10485 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10487 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10487 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10487 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10487 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10535 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10550 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10554 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10610 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10610 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10623 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10623 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10623 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10682 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10683 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10683 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10683 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10683 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10692 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10745 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10745 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10751 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10802 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10802 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10832 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10832 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10869 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10869 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10869 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10913 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10924 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10933 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10933 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10933 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10933 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10997 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10998 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11033 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11044 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11044 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11044 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11074 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11074 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11074 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11074 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11084 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11123 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11146 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11199 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11199 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11224 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11224 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11224 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11263 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11270 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11270 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11270 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11270 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11289 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11363 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11380 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11380 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11401 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11401 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11401 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11433 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11461 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11462 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11462 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11462 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11462 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11519 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11564 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11564 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11571 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11571 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11571 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11583 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11583 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11583 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11583 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11640 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11642 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11646 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11719 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11719 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11752 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11752 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11752 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11766 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11766 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11766 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11766 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11811 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11815 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11852 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11875 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11875 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11881 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11881 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11882 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11920 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11920 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11920 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11921 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11960 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11971 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12010 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12046 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12046 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12049 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12049 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12049 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12054 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12054 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12054 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12054 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12134 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12139 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12142 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12204 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12204 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12242 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12242 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12242 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12252 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12252 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12252 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12252 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12255 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12302 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12340 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12360 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12360 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12389 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12389 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12389 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12407 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12407 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12407 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12407 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12427 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12449 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12483 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12508 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12508 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12529 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12529 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12529 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12541 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12541 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12541 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12541 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12581 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12590 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12628 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12714 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12714 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12737 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12737 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12737 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12737 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12737 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12737 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12737 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12795 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12810 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12822 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12890 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12890 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12924 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12924 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12924 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12926 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12926 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12926 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12926 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12962 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12990 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12993 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13024 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13024 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13040 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13040 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13040 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13069 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13069 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13069 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13069 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13081 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13103 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13154 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13224 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13224 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13230 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13230 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13230 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13261 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13261 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13261 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13261 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13290 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13302 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13342 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13346 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13346 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13399 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13399 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13399 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13434 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13434 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13434 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13434 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13434 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13491 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13499 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13499 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13508 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13567 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13567 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13573 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13573 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13596 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13596 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13596 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13647 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13651 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13737 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13737 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13737 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13737 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13782 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13783 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13810 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13849 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13849 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13901 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13901 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13902 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13902 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13902 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13981 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13981 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13981 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13981 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13992 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14000 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14066 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14090 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14090 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14118 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14118 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14118 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14122 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14122 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14122 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14122 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14152 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14175 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14187 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14233 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14233 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14249 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14249 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14249 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14285 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14314 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14314 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14314 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14314 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14333 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14390 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14398 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14398 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14429 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14429 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14429 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14469 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14469 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14469 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14469 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14494 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14512 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14542 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14581 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14581 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14593 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14593 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14593 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14625 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14625 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14625 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14625 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14652 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14664 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14686 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14766 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14766 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14776 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14776 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14777 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14781 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14781 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14781 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14781 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14831 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14857 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14861 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14905 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14905 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14916 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14916 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14916 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14917 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14917 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14917 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14917 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14956 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14977 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15017 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15053 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15053 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15095 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15095 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15095 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15115 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15115 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15115 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15115 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15127 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15182 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15205 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15216 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15217 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15259 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15259 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15259 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15299 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15301 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15301 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15302 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15301 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15353 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15357 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15371 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15371 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15424 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15424 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15433 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15433 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15437 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15437 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15437 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15494 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15517 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15535 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15535 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15535 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15535 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15582 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15582 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15609 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15674 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15674 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15674 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15680 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15731 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15731 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15731 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15731 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15764 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15774 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15774 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15821 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15856 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15856 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15874 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15874 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15902 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15902 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15902 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15957 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16001 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16002 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16002 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16002 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16002 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16006 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16006 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16086 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16093 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16093 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16137 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16137 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16142 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16142 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16142 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16199 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16213 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16213 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16213 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16213 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16235 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16269 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16286 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16286 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16338 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16338 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16338 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16355 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16355 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16355 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16355 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16383 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16434 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16438 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16469 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16470 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16519 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16519 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16519 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16547 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16547 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16547 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16547 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16547 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16572 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16619 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16657 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16657 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16702 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16702 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16702 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16706 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16706 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16706 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16706 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16753 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16757 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16795 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16815 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16815 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16865 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16865 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16865 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16897 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16905 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16905 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16905 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16905 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16933 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16984 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17007 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17007 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17034 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17034 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17034 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17067 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17098 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17098 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17098 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17098 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17105 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17166 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17218 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17218 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17218 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17218 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17218 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17230 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17230 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17230 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17230 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17285 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17291 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17293 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17383 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17383 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17414 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17414 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17414 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17427 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17427 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17427 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17427 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17433 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17496 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17513 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17525 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17525 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17569 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17569 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17569 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17592 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17592 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17592 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17592 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17593 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17622 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17652 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17710 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17710 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17716 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17716 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17716 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17724 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17724 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17724 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17724 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17769 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17782 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17803 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17836 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17836 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17846 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17846 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17846 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17886 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17886 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17886 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17886 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17910 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17916 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17955 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17957 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17957 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18026 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18026 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18084 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18084 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18086 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18086 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18086 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18143 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18143 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18143 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18143 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18153 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18174 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18198 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18199 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18210 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18252 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18252 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18252 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18254 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18328 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18339 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18339 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18339 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18339 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18425 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18430 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18430 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18491 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18491 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18491 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18492 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18500 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18500 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18500 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18500 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18574 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18592 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18612 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18612 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18640 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18640 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18640 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18684 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18692 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18692 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18692 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18692 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18734 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18765 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18784 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18784 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18793 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18793 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18793 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18859 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18859 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18859 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18859 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18860 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18892 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18952 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18981 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18981 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18985 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18985 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18985 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19000 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19000 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19000 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19000 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19040 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19076 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19082 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19095 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19095 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19119 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19119 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19119 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19135 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19135 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19135 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19135 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19173 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19202 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19212 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19259 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19259 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19283 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19283 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19283 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19294 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19294 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19294 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19294 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19315 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19349 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19357 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19415 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19415 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19417 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19417 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19417 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19420 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19420 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19420 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19420 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19470 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19470 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19472 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19518 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19519 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19523 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19523 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19524 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19580 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19588 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19588 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19588 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19589 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19589 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19639 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19639 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19665 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19709 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19709 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19709 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19724 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19741 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19741 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19741 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19741 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19761 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19792 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19850 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19850 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19883 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19883 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19883 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19884 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19884 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19884 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19884 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19920 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19970 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19980 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20027 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20027 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20050 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20050 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20050 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20078 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20078 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20078 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20078 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20080 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20139 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20147 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20151 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20151 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20205 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20205 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20205 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20207 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20238 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20238 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20238 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20238 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20304 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20314 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20314 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20317 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20349 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20349 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20349 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20375 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20375 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20375 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20375 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20400 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20434 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20464 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20505 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20505 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20522 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20522 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20522 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20551 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20551 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20551 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20551 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20583 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20583 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20621 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20641 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20641 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20690 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20690 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20690 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20712 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20712 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20712 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20712 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20722 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20771 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20774 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20820 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20820 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20865 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20865 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20865 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20875 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20908 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20908 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20908 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20908 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20939 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20982 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20982 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21008 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21029 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21029 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21029 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21044 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21086 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21086 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21086 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21086 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21107 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21149 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21149 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21163 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21214 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21214 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21221 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21221 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21243 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21243 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21243 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21305 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21318 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21369 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21369 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21369 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21369 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21371 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21371 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21425 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21425 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21433 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21522 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21522 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21533 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21533 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21533 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21550 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21550 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21550 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21550 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21591 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21624 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21626 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21655 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21655 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21679 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21679 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21679 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21733 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21733 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21733 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21733 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21740 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21765 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21818 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21871 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21871 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21908 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21908 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21908 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21912 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21912 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21912 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21912 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21963 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21965 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21996 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22021 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22021 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22059 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22059 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22059 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22083 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22083 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22083 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22083 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22083 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22116 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22164 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22170 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22170 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22186 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22186 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22186 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22232 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22232 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22232 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22232 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22245 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22250 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22303 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22304 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22326 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22362 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22362 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22373 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22374 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22410 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22411 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22411 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22430 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22462 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22465 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22465 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22465 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22465 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22533 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22586 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22586 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22620 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22620 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22620 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22640 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22640 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22640 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22640 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22683 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22702 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22712 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22741 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22741 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22746 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22746 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22746 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22770 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22770 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22770 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22770 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22819 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22835 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22854 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22854 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22856 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22900 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22900 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22900 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22931 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22931 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22931 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22931 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22937 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22987 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23008 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23008 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23017 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23067 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23067 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23067 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23084 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23128 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23128 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23128 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23128 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23163 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23171 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23171 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23182 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23248 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23248 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23289 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23289 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23313 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23313 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23313 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23344 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23377 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23377 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23377 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23377 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23399 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23417 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23417 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23459 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23479 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23479 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23480 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23481 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23539 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23552 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23553 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23552 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23553 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23591 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23591 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23634 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23651 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23651 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23712 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23712 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23751 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23751 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23751 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23791 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23814 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23821 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23821 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23821 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23821 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23895 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23914 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23914 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23958 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23958 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23958 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23999 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24000 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24000 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24000 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24000 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24042 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24080 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24092 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24092 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24104 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24104 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24104 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24168 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24168 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24168 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24168 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24168 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24188 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24257 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24259 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24259 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24319 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24319 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24319 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24321 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24326 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24326 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24326 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24326 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24382 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24412 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24439 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24439 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24515 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24515 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24515 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24523 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24523 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24523 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24523 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24538 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24579 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24597 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24649 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24649 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24682 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24682 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24682 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24711 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24711 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24711 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24711 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24731 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24751 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24769 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24798 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24798 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24837 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24837 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24837 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24892 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24906 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24906 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24906 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24906 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24937 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24946 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24946 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24985 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25003 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25003 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25016 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25017 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25049 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25050 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25049 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25080 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25136 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25141 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25141 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25141 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25141 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25193 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25241 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25241 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25282 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25282 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25282 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25298 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25298 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25298 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25298 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25311 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25344 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25384 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25414 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25414 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25457 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25457 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25457 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25481 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25481 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25481 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25481 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25498 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25546 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25576 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25605 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25605 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25618 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25618 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25618 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25628 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25628 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25628 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25628 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25671 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25682 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25685 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25733 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25733 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25759 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25759 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25759 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25776 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25776 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25776 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25776 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25788 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25841 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25843 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25896 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25896 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25908 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25908 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25908 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25949 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25949 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25949 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25949 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25987 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25993 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26031 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26037 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26038 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26081 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26081 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26081 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26093 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26120 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26120 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26120 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26120 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26157 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26196 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26227 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26227 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26280 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26280 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26280 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26301 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26301 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26301 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26301 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26304 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26346 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26356 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26438 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26438 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26456 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26456 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26456 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26496 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26496 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26496 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26497 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26517 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26524 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26547 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26604 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26604 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26640 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26640 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26640 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26659 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26659 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26659 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26659 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26684 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26703 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26738 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26770 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26770 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26791 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26791 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26791 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26823 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26842 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26842 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26842 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26842 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26889 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26914 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26922 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26922 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26993 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26993 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26993 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27010 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27032 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27032 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27032 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27032 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27074 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27098 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27098 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27132 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27156 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27156 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27156 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27162 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27207 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27211 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27211 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27211 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27211 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27303 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27322 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27322 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27336 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27336 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27336 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27376 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27376 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27376 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27376 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27380 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27386 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27448 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27448 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27451 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27489 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27489 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27489 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27517 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27542 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27554 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27554 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27554 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27554 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27646 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27656 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27656 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27680 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27680 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27680 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27727 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27727 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27727 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27727 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27739 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27743 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27794 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27795 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27815 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27862 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27862 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27862 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27884 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27898 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27898 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27898 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27898 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27959 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27995 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28032 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28032 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28052 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28052 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28053 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28079 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28079 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28079 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28079 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28126 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28141 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28150 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28180 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28180 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28228 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28228 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28228 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28244 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28244 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28244 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28244 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28262 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28290 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28330 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28350 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28350 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28355 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28355 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28355 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28436 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28436 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28436 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28436 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28445 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28448 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28491 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28501 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28501 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28551 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28551 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28551 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28573 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28624 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28624 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28624 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28624 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28651 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28699 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28737 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28737 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28742 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28742 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28742 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28804 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28806 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28811 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28811 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28811 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28811 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28900 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28931 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28931 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28933 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28933 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28933 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28984 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28984 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28984 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28984 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28986 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29015 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29056 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29101 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29101 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29119 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29119 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29119 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29167 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29167 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29167 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29167 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29167 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29193 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29237 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29276 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29276 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29282 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29282 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29282 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29321 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29321 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29321 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29321 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29340 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29340 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29400 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29426 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29426 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29434 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29434 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29434 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29507 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29507 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29507 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29508 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29510 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29519 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29567 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29567 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29589 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29619 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29619 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29619 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29625 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29625 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29625 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29625 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29648 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29710 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29719 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29729 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29729 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29784 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29784 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29805 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29805 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29808 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29808 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29808 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29868 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29898 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29898 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29898 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29898 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29903 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29928 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29928 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29984 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29998 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29998 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30052 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30052 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30055 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30055 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30055 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30141 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30154 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30178 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30178 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30178 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30178 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30194 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30194 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30235 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30247 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30248 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30296 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30296 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30335 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30335 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30335 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30356 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30377 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30377 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30377 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30377 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30428 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30447 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30447 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30469 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30539 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30539 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30539 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30547 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30555 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30555 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30555 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30555 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30623 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30625 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30674 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30674 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30679 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30679 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30679 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30699 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30699 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30699 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30699 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30733 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30737 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30776 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30854 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30854 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30857 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30857 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30857 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30860 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30860 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30860 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30860 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30919 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30935 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30952 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30987 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30987 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31026 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31026 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31026 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31038 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31038 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31038 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31038 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31065 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31077 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31092 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31131 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31131 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31182 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31182 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31233 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31233 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31234 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31234 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31234 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31297 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31329 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31329 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31329 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31329 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31330 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31384 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31384 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31415 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31433 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31433 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31433 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31435 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31517 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31528 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31528 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31528 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31528 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31615 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31615 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31621 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31646 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31646 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31646 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31674 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31724 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31724 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31724 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31724 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31735 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31781 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31781 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31784 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31875 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31875 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31892 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31892 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31922 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31922 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31922 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31943 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31994 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31994 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31994 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31994 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32007 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32026 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32026 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32054 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32082 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32082 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32159 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32159 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32171 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32171 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32171 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32224 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32254 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32254 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32254 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32254 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32254 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32289 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32289 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32305 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32371 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32371 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32405 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32405 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32419 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32419 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32419 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32477 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32500 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32530 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32530 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32530 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32530 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32550 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32550 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32602 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32648 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32648 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32660 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32660 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32722 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32722 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32722 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32724 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32811 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32811 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32811 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32811 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32815 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32826 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32826 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32871 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32897 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32897 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32978 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32978 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33007 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33007 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33007 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33058 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33058 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33058 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33058 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33069 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33081 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33120 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33120 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33139 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33170 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33170 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33171 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33179 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33209 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33210 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33209 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33210 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33233 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33297 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33350 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33350 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33353 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33353 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33353 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33409 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33409 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33409 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33409 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33417 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33450 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33472 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33472 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33486 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33559 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33559 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33565 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33594 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33594 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33594 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33594 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33657 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33698 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33701 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33701 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33779 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33779 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33779 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33779 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33786 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33875 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33887 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33887 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33887 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33909 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33909 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33909 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33961 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33996 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34025 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34025 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34025 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34028 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34028 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34028 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34121 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34121 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34133 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34133 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34189 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34189 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34189 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34189 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34218 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34252 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34367 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34367 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34370 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34370 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34370 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34463 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34557 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34557 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34558 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34605 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34605 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34610 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34708 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34708 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34708 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34778 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34798 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34798 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34842 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34842 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34857 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34857 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34957 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34957 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34987 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34987 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35036 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35036 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35038 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35038 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35171 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35171 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35218 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35219 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35245 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35245 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35312 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35312 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35363 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35447 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K./dpp_DLF_mutex -n 6[20Dmake                [16Dscript typescript_dpp_DLF[25D./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6   [12Dsemaphore -n 6[?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m ./dpp_DLF_semaphore -n 6[K
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     54 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     54 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:     63 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     70 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     71 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     77 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     85 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    188 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    188 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    188 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    188 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    188 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    275 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    301 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    301 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    323 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    323 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    323 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    323 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    323 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    324 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    324 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    375 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    386 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    416 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    455 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    455 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    507 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    508 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    508 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    507 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    512 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    512 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    512 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    512 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    573 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    591 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    614 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    615 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    690 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    690 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    690 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    702 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    702 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    702 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    702 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    703 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    742 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    770 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    810 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    810 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    840 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    841 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    840 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    884 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    891 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    891 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    891 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    891 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    913 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    950 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1063 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1063 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1063 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1091 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1091 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1092 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1092 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1120 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1121 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1177 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1177 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1184 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1192 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1192 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1192 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1206 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1206 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1206 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1206 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1250 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1282 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1297 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1331 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1331 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1354 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1354 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1354 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1403 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1403 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1403 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1403 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1408 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1452 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1465 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1527 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1527 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1547 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1547 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1547 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1578 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1578 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1578 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1578 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1595 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1614 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1674 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1714 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1714 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1733 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1734 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1734 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1759 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1759 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1759 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1759 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1777 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1784 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1819 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1872 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1872 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1881 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1881 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1909 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1909 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1909 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1909 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1909 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1948 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1976 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1990 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2028 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2029 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2054 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2054 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2054 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2081 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2081 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2081 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2082 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2128 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2137 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2180 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2230 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2230 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2253 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2253 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2253 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2273 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2273 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2273 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2273 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2305 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2317 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2366 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2366 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2366 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2396 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2396 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2396 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2423 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2430 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2430 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2430 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2430 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2452 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2490 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2563 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2563 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2582 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2582 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2582 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2594 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2594 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2594 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2594 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2645 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2646 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2656 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2716 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2716 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2717 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2717 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2717 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2727 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2727 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2727 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2727 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2779 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2788 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2793 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2856 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2857 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2888 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2888 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2888 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2892 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2892 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2892 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2892 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2913 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2946 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2964 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3041 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3041 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3046 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3046 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3046 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3053 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3053 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3054 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3053 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3107 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3127 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3139 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3172 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3172 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3205 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3205 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3236 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3243 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3243 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3243 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3243 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3304 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3315 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3436 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3436 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3440 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3440 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3441 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3523 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3529 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3624 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3624 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3624 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3624 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3705 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3739 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3739 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3753 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3753 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3754 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3754 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3802 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3847 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3879 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3879 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3879 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3923 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3923 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3923 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3936 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3991 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3991 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3991 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4012 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4059 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4076 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4076 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4076 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4170 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4171 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4171 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4177 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4192 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4192 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4192 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4263 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4279 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4318 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4318 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4318 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4327 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4327 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4327 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4374 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4390 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4464 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4464 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4464 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4467 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4468 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4468 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4540 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4557 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4595 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4595 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4595 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4658 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4658 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4658 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4669 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4717 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4764 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4764 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4765 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4823 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4829 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4829 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4829 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4878 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4878 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4878 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4898 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4956 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4956 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4956 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4971 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4986 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4986 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4986 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5019 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5054 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5077 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5077 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5077 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5162 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5180 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5180 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5180 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5205 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5205 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5205 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5277 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5280 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5349 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5349 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5350 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5362 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5362 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5362 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5418 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5451 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5483 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5484 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5484 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5488 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5488 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5488 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5546 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5582 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5595 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5595 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5595 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5634 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5634 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5634 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5683 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5718 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5722 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5723 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5722 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5823 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5831 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5831 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5831 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5898 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5909 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5909 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5909 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5941 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5941 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5941 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5987 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6024 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6070 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6070 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6070 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6092 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6092 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6092 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6138 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6184 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6184 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6184 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6184 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6232 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6232 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6232 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6275 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6309 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6319 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6319 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6320 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6363 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6363 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6363 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6405 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6439 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6466 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6466 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6466 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6498 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6498 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6498 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6553 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6574 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6642 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6642 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6642 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6668 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6668 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6669 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6730 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6754 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6788 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6788 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6789 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6829 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6829 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6829 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6840 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6906 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6906 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6906 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6914 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6963 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6964 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6964 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6964 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7047 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7058 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7058 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7059 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7118 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7132 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7132 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7132 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7206 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7206 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7206 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7232 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7267 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7287 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7287 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7288 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7317 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7317 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7317 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7385 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7408 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7425 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7425 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7425 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7447 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7447 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7447 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7495 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7518 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7554 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7554 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7554 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7586 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7586 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7586 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7631 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7670 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7679 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7679 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7679 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7733 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7740 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7740 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7740 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7837 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7846 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7846 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7846 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7918 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7918 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7918 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7939 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7973 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7983 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7983 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7983 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8030 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8031 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8031 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8055 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8081 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8147 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8147 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8147 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8213 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8213 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8213 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8239 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8277 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8278 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8278 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8283 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8368 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8406 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8406 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8406 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8450 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8450 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8450 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8462 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8509 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8552 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8552 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8552 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8581 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8581 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8582 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8635 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8676 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8727 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8727 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8727 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8764 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8764 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8764 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8824 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8825 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8884 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8885 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8885 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8956 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8957 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8958 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8958 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9018 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9018 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9018 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9032 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9095 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9132 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9132 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9133 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9202 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9202 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9202 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9220 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9268 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9268 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9268 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9269 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9358 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9384 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9384 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9384 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9391 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9391 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9391 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9446 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9467 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9545 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9546 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9545 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9546 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9546 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9546 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9637 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9641 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9649 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9649 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9650 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9696 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9696 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9696 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9750 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9766 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9783 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9783 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9783 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9853 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9853 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9853 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9879 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9896 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9897 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9897 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9912 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9954 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10005 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10005 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10005 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10073 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10073 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10074 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10102 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10129 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10174 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10174 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10183 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10184 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10183 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10184 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10244 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10245 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10311 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10312 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10366 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10366 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10366 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10391 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10445 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10473 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10473 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10474 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10473 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10543 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10574 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10574 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10647 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10672 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10672 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10672 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10672 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10741 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10792 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10792 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10793 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10826 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10826 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10827 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10850 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10897 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10904 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10904 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10904 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10962 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10962 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10962 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10984 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11045 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11045 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11045 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11050 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11079 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11079 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11079 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11122 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11172 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11206 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11206 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11206 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11234 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11235 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11235 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11296 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11321 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11352 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11352 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11352 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11413 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11413 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11413 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11436 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11486 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11501 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11501 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11501 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11540 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11540 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11540 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11558 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11637 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11647 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11647 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11647 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11689 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11689 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11690 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11726 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11752 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11811 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11811 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11812 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11861 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11861 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11861 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11870 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11937 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11981 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11981 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11981 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11996 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11996 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11996 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12066 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12081 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12102 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12102 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12103 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12162 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12187 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12187 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12187 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12265 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12296 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12296 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12296 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12367 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12367 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12368 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12374 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12438 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12438 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12438 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12463 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12489 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12489 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12489 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12521 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12572 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12638 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12638 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12638 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12688 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12688 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12688 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12695 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12746 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12763 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12763 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12763 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12824 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12844 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12844 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12844 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12921 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12954 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12954 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12954 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12974 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12974 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12974 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13020 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13069 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13072 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13072 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13073 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13108 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13108 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13108 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13151 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13169 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13208 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13209 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13209 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13275 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13275 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13276 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13298 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13310 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13310 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13310 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13356 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13374 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13440 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13441 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13460 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13460 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13460 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13460 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13498 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13512 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13598 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13598 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13598 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13658 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13658 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13680 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13715 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13790 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13790 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13790 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13790 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13879 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13945 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13945 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13945 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13980 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13980 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13980 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14013 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14049 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14088 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14088 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14089 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14105 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14105 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14105 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14170 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14174 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14223 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14223 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14223 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14282 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14289 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14289 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14289 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14344 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14345 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14344 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14358 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14399 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14460 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14460 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14461 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14524 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14528 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14528 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14528 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14607 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14607 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14607 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14614 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14654 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14654 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14654 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14670 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14755 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14784 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14785 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14785 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14847 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14847 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14847 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14873 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14941 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14945 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14945 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14945 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15002 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15002 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15002 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15028 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15062 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15062 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15062 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15083 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15115 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15139 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15139 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15139 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15169 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15169 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15169 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15220 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15221 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15292 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15292 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15293 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15347 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15347 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15347 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15386 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15412 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15412 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15412 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15429 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15450 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15450 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15451 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15466 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15513 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15580 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15580 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15580 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15589 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15589 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15589 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15640 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15661 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15725 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15725 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15725 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15767 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15767 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15767 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15818 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15854 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15897 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15897 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15897 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15926 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15926 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15926 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15980 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15992 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16043 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16043 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16043 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16072 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16072 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16072 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16134 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16144 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16144 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16144 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16144 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16221 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16221 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16221 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16245 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16288 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16301 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16301 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16301 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16399 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16404 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16404 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16405 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16421 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16421 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16421 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16470 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16482 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16599 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16599 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16599 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16607 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16608 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16607 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16690 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16706 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16711 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16711 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16744 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16744 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16744 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16744 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16762 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16794 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16892 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16892 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16892 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16893 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16893 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16959 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16959 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17076 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17076 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17075 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17076 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17158 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17183 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17183 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17183 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17223 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17223 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17223 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17260 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17297 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17377 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17377 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17377 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17377 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17377 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17378 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17465 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17471 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17540 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17540 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17540 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17575 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17575 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17575 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17635 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17662 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17662 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17662 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17670 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17734 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17734 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17734 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17734 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17787 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17833 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17833 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17834 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17878 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17878 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17879 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17915 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17952 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17996 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17996 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17996 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18015 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18015 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18015 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18064 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18095 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18124 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18124 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18124 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18197 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18213 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18213 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18213 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18260 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18260 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18260 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18273 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18358 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18407 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18407 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18407 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18413 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18413 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18413 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18475 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18489 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18517 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18517 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18517 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18549 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18549 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18582 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18621 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18621 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18621 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18621 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18628 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18672 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18738 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18738 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18738 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18790 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18790 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18790 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18817 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18850 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18851 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18850 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18870 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18913 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18913 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18913 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18924 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18996 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19040 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19040 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19040 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19052 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19052 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19052 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19107 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19115 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19205 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19206 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19206 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19229 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19229 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19229 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19283 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19289 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19353 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19353 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19353 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19400 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19401 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19401 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19432 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19459 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19514 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19514 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19514 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19547 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19547 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19547 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19599 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19621 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19673 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19673 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19673 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19705 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19705 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19705 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19766 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19804 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19858 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19858 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19858 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19894 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19894 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19894 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19920 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19946 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20022 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20022 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20022 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20022 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20022 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20022 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20078 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20088 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20192 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20192 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20193 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20215 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20215 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20215 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20283 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20296 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20342 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20343 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20343 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20344 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20344 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20344 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20401 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20420 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20459 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20459 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20459 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20465 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20465 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20465 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20555 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20557 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20621 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20621 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20622 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20655 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20655 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20655 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20707 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20754 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20791 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20791 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20791 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20816 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20816 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20816 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20860 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20906 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20922 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20923 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20923 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20953 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20953 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20953 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21005 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21029 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21080 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21080 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21081 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21120 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21120 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21121 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21133 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21180 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21241 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21241 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21242 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21284 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21284 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21284 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21301 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21371 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21421 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21421 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21421 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21439 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21439 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21439 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21500 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21519 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21537 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21537 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21537 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21572 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21572 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21572 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21588 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21623 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21714 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21714 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21714 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21730 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21730 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21730 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21799 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21823 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21839 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21839 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21839 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21844 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21844 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21844 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21900 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21905 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21948 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21948 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21948 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22000 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22000 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22000 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22034 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22096 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22121 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22121 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22121 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22187 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22187 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22188 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22206 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22258 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22258 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22258 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22273 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22303 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22303 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22303 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22331 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22398 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22440 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22440 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22440 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22462 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22462 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22462 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22534 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22540 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22582 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22582 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22583 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22638 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22639 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22638 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22653 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22701 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22708 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22708 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22708 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22782 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22782 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22782 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22790 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22847 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22847 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22847 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22875 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22912 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22953 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22953 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22953 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23009 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23009 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23009 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23036 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23108 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23110 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23110 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23110 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23130 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23130 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23130 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23166 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23223 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23265 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23265 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23265 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23301 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23302 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23301 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23365 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23373 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23419 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23420 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23420 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23462 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23462 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23462 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23483 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23514 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23557 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23557 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23557 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23609 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23609 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23609 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23655 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23689 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23689 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23689 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23697 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23748 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23750 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23750 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23750 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23837 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23844 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23844 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23845 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23887 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23887 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23887 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23898 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23945 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23959 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23959 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23959 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24002 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24002 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24002 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24041 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24068 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24068 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24069 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24098 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24134 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24134 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24134 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24137 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24218 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24260 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24261 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24266 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24266 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24266 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24266 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24335 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24341 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24391 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24391 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24464 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24464 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24464 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24474 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24558 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24615 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24615 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24615 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24615 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24675 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24773 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24773 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24790 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24790 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24790 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24790 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24851 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24864 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24945 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24945 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24945 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24976 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24976 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24976 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24999 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25040 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25118 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25118 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25118 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25150 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25150 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25151 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25182 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25233 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25288 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25288 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25288 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25301 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25301 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25301 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25348 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25365 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25427 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25427 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25428 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25459 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25459 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25459 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25480 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25525 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25586 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25586 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25586 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25641 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25643 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25643 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25643 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25690 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25690 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25690 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25727 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25771 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25789 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25789 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25789 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25809 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25809 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25810 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25875 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25909 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25939 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25939 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25939 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26002 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26002 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26002 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26025 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26062 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26064 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26064 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26064 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26115 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26122 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26122 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26122 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26200 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26200 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26201 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26211 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26236 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26236 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26236 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26252 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26318 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26367 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26367 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26367 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26401 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26401 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26401 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26436 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26498 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26498 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26498 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26499 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26509 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26509 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26509 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26578 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26584 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26628 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26628 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26669 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26669 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26669 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26669 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26697 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26736 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26812 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26812 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26848 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26848 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26849 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26905 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26921 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26977 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26977 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26977 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26977 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27044 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27094 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27094 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27094 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27122 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27122 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27122 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27190 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27194 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27278 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27278 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27278 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27284 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27284 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27284 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27349 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27379 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27387 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27387 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27387 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27446 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27446 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27446 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27470 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27503 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27527 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27527 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27527 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27583 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27583 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27584 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27606 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27635 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27635 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27635 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27664 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27719 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27723 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27723 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27723 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27759 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27759 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27760 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27822 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27837 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27870 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27870 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27870 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27936 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27954 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27954 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27954 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28014 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28014 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28014 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28048 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28070 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28070 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28070 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28106 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28126 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28145 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28145 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28145 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28216 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28270 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28270 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28271 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28306 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28306 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28307 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28353 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28394 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28412 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28412 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28412 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28422 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28422 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28422 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28481 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28493 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28526 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28526 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28526 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28564 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28564 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28564 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28578 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28615 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28662 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28662 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28662 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28725 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28725 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28725 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28754 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28803 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28839 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28839 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28839 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28903 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28916 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28916 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28916 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28986 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29013 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29014 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29013 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29048 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29048 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29048 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29095 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29105 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29183 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29183 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29184 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29209 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29209 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29209 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29255 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29307 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29307 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29307 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29308 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29362 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29382 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29383 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29383 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29438 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29480 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29480 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29480 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29535 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29551 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29551 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29551 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29601 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29601 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29602 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29614 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29673 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29680 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29680 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29680 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29753 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29794 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29794 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29794 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29809 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29809 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29809 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29859 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29882 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29910 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29910 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29910 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29962 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29968 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29969 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29969 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30028 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30029 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30029 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30046 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30083 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30153 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30153 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30153 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30223 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30223 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30224 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30232 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30305 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30344 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30344 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30344 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30344 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30344 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30344 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30429 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30430 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30487 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30487 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30488 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30501 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30501 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30501 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30541 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30578 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30641 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30641 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30652 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30652 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30652 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30652 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30700 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30727 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30779 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30779 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30779 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30799 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30799 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30842 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30895 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30944 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30945 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30945 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30944 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31037 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31104 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31104 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31104 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31108 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31108 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31108 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31179 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31187 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31217 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31217 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31217 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31231 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31231 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31231 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31312 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31329 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31338 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31338 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31338 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31386 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31386 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31386 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31433 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31444 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31520 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31520 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31521 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31523 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31523 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31524 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31576 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31583 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31636 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31636 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31636 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31687 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31692 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31692 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31692 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31749 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31809 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31809 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31809 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31873 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31880 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31880 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31881 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31962 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31983 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31983 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31983 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32046 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32050 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32050 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32050 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32131 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32172 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32172 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32172 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32177 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32177 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32177 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32226 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32265 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32331 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32331 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32331 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32376 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32376 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32376 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32393 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32445 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32446 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32446 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32446 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32502 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32509 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32509 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32510 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32565 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32604 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32604 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32604 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32627 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32627 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32627 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32670 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32677 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32736 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32737 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32736 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32737 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32738 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32738 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32791 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32836 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32900 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32900 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32900 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32922 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32922 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32922 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32958 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33002 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33066 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33066 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33066 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33087 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33087 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33087 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33124 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33168 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33174 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33174 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33175 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33227 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33278 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33278 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33278 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33308 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33308 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33308 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33342 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33388 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33438 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33438 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33439 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33471 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33471 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33471 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33529 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33531 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33615 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33615 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33633 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33633 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33633 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33633 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33698 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33698 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33733 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33733 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33734 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33798 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33798 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33824 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33841 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33842 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33842 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33842 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33886 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33907 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34009 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34009 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34009 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34026 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34026 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34026 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34077 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34097 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34181 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34181 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34181 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34182 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34182 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34182 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34246 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34251 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34291 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34291 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34291 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34306 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34306 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34306 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34373 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34377 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34411 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34411 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34411 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34439 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34439 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34439 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34469 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34532 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34547 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34548 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34548 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34587 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34587 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34587 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34604 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34640 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34698 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34698 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34698 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34770 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34771 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34770 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34785 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34825 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34893 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34893 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34893 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34930 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34930 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34930 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34947 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34999 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35021 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35021 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35021 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35106 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35109 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35109 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35109 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35136 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35136 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35137 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35193 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35220 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35220 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35220 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35231 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35309 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35309 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35309 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35320 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35364 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35379 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35379 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35380 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35458 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35460 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35460 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35461 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35541 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35541 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35541 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35551 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35591 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35591 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35591 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35616 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35666 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35730 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35730 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35730 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35743 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35743 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35744 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35812 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35825 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35838 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35838 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35839 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35935 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35935 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35936 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35936 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35964 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35964 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35964 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35996 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36028 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36090 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36090 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36090 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36128 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36128 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36128 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36185 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36208 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36254 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36255 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36254 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36272 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36272 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36273 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36344 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36350 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36391 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36391 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36391 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36432 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36432 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36432 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36484 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36521 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36543 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36543 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36543 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36559 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36559 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36559 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36609 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36643 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36652 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36653 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36652 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36713 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36749 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36749 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36749 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36799 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36850 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36851 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36850 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36923 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36925 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36925 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36925 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36956 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36956 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36957 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36991 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37041 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37041 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37041 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37049 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37098 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37098 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37098 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37137 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37160 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37166 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37166 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37166 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37256 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37256 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37256 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37256 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37276 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37276 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37277 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37320 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37358 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37424 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37425 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37425 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37445 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37445 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37445 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37481 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37529 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37529 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37529 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37529 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37586 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37605 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37605 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37605 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37673 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37725 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37725 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37725 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37764 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37764 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37764 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37813 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37842 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37900 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37900 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37901 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37906 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37906 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37906 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37956 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37962 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38056 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38056 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38056 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38091 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38091 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38092 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38115 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38182 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38224 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38224 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38225 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38254 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38254 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38254 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38306 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38331 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38397 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38397 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38397 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38424 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38424 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38425 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38464 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38521 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38538 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38538 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38538 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38598 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38625 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38625 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38625 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38652 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38652 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38652 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38708 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38710 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38745 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38746 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38745 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38805 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38805 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38805 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38809 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38866 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38904 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38904 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38904 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38920 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38920 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38921 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38975 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38990 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39088 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39088 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39088 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39115 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39115 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39157 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39200 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39213 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39213 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39213 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39213 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39287 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39387 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39387 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39387 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39390 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39390 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39390 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39457 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39463 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39529 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39529 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39530 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39540 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39540 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39540 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39606 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39613 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39652 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39652 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39652 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39714 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39714 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39714 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39743 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39783 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39783 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39784 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39795 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39819 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39819 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39819 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39845 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39885 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39950 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39950 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39950 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39956 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39956 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39956 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40001 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40037 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40058 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40059 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40059 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40120 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40120 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40120 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40144 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40194 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40194 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40194 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40206 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40226 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40226 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40226 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40270 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40325 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40368 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40368 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40368 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40404 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40404 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40404 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40420 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40475 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40475 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40475 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40489 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40524 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40524 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40524 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40528 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40621 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40629 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40629 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40629 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40684 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40717 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40717 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40718 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40783 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40783 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40784 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40804 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40882 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40888 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40888 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40888 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40888 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40888 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40888 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40940 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40947 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41031 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41031 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41085 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41085 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41085 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41091 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41138 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41187 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41187 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41187 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41187 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41252 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41306 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41306 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41321 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41321 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41321 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41321 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41406 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41408 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41447 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41447 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41447 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41465 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41465 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41465 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41498 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41525 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41570 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41570 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41571 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41603 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41603 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41603 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41660 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41673 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41673 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41673 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41675 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41712 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41712 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41712 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41750 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41790 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41867 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41867 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41868 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41909 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41909 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41909 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41946 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41984 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42001 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42001 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42001 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42052 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42107 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42107 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42107 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42107 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42108 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42108 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42160 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42186 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42253 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42253 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42253 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42279 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42279 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42308 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42371 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42391 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42391 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42392 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42392 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42456 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42537 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42537 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42537 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42549 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42549 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42549 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42604 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42605 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42703 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42703 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42703 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42720 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42720 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42721 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42761 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42791 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42877 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42877 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42877 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42888 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42888 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42888 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42960 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42975 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43060 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43060 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43060 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43086 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43086 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43086 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43119 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43174 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43203 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43203 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43204 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43276 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43276 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43276 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43279 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43328 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43328 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43328 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43335 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43383 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43421 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43421 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43421 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43474 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43474 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43475 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43499 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43549 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43589 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43589 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43589 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43642 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43642 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43642 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43690 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43692 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43750 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43750 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43750 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43770 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43770 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43770 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43822 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43858 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43889 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43889 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43889 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43950 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43965 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43965 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43965 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44030 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44038 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44038 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44038 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44128 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44146 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44146 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44146 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44146 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44146 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44147 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44223 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44228 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44251 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44251 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44251 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44304 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44304 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44304 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44340 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44391 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44412 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44413 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44412 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44414 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44414 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44414 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44468 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44477 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44592 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44592 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44593 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44598 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44598 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44654 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44703 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44703 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44703 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44752 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44752 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44752 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44763 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44844 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44846 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44867 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44867 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44867 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44867 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44938 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44982 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44983 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45060 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45060 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45176 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45242 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K./dpp_DLF_semaphore -n 6[14Dmutex -n 6    [20Dmake                [16Dscript typescript_dpp_DLF[25D./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6   [?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m ./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6[K
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     52 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     52 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:     52 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     52 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:     65 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     77 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     93 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     93 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    234 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    234 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    234 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    250 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    250 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    250 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    250 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    297 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    336 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    369 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    370 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    395 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    396 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    396 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    418 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    419 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    418 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    419 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    424 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    487 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    490 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    524 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    524 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    548 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    548 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    548 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    557 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    557 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    557 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    557 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    601 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    612 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    624 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    663 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    663 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    717 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    726 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    726 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    726 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    748 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    748 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    748 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    748 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    814 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    824 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    861 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    861 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    909 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    909 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    910 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    911 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    941 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    942 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    941 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    942 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    999 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1007 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1042 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1042 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1068 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1068 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1068 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1111 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1111 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1111 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1111 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1132 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1158 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1206 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1215 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1215 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1225 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1225 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1225 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1274 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1277 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1277 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1277 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1277 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1277 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1348 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1402 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1402 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1413 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1413 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1413 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1463 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1463 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1463 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1463 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1471 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1483 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1523 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1540 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1540 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1596 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1596 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1596 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1604 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1604 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1604 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1604 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1625 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1676 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1683 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1758 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1758 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1785 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1785 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1785 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1793 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1793 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1793 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1793 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1829 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1847 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1860 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1917 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1917 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1948 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1948 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1948 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1966 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1966 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1966 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1966 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2016 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2048 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2063 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2069 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2069 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2100 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2100 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2100 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2126 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2157 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2157 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2157 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2158 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2175 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2244 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2263 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2263 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2306 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2306 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2306 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2341 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2356 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2356 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2356 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2356 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2378 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2439 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2474 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2474 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2485 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2485 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2485 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2555 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2555 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2555 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2556 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2556 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2583 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2602 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2602 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2627 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2691 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2693 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2693 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2693 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2753 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2753 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2753 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2754 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2789 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2841 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2863 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2863 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2863 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2863 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2863 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2895 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2895 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2895 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2895 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2954 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2958 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2964 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2997 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2997 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3001 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3002 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3001 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3012 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3012 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3012 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3012 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3056 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3089 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3105 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3116 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3116 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3192 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3192 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3192 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3203 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3203 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3203 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3203 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3215 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3290 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3293 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3347 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3347 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3357 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3357 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3357 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3367 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3367 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3367 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3367 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3414 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3426 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3439 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3521 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3521 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3533 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3533 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3534 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3554 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3554 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3554 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3554 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3591 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3593 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3620 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3676 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3676 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3721 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3721 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3721 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3743 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3743 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3743 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3743 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3753 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3794 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3823 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3842 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3842 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3926 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3938 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3938 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3938 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3942 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3942 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3942 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3942 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4028 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4029 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4118 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4118 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4131 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4131 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4131 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4135 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4135 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4135 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4136 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4188 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4199 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4212 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4264 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4265 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4298 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4298 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4298 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4324 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4324 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4324 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4324 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4349 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4354 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4411 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4470 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4471 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4483 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4483 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4483 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4521 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4521 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4522 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4521 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4542 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4563 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4591 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4591 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4621 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4639 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4639 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4639 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4671 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4695 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4695 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4695 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4695 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4725 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4747 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4747 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4785 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4797 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4797 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4798 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4803 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4856 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4863 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4863 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4864 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4863 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4930 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4976 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4976 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4988 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4988 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4988 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4994 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4994 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4994 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4994 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5032 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5088 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5095 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5155 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5155 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5161 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5161 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5161 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5176 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5176 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5176 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5176 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5215 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5216 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5258 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5317 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5317 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5338 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5338 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5339 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5350 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5350 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5350 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5351 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5390 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5392 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5417 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5451 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5451 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5480 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5480 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5480 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5485 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5485 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5485 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5485 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5531 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5546 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5560 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5653 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5653 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5674 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5675 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5674 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5681 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5681 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5681 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5681 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5732 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5749 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5781 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5792 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5792 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5847 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5848 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5848 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5870 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5875 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5875 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5875 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5875 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5902 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5939 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6005 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6005 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6029 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6029 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6029 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6057 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6057 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6057 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6057 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6090 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6105 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6136 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6204 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6204 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6240 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6240 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6240 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6246 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6246 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6247 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6246 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6263 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6300 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6340 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6361 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6361 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6371 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6371 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6371 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6421 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6421 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6421 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6421 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6425 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6438 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6497 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6502 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6503 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6563 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6563 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6563 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6569 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6574 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6574 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6574 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6574 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6625 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6650 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6711 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6711 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6755 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6755 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6755 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6755 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6755 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6755 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6755 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6774 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6806 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6849 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6893 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6893 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6919 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6919 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6919 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6956 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6956 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6956 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6956 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6974 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6986 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7025 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7093 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7094 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7101 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7102 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7102 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7133 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7133 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7133 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7134 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7162 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7196 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7197 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7242 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7242 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7244 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7244 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7244 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7307 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7327 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7327 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7327 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7327 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7338 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7390 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7392 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7392 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7469 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7469 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7469 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7484 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7494 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7494 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7494 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7494 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7537 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7577 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7625 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7625 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7631 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7631 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7631 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7677 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7685 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7686 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7685 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7685 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7706 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7735 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7735 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7752 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7819 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7819 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7819 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7831 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7860 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7860 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7860 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7860 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7881 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7936 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7963 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7964 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7985 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7985 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7985 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8010 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8010 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8010 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8010 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8019 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8037 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8089 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8089 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8099 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8139 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8160 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8160 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8160 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8172 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8172 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8172 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8172 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8212 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8244 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8311 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8311 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8341 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8341 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8341 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8358 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8358 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8358 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8358 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8362 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8415 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8424 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8528 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8528 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8530 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8530 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8530 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8536 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8537 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8537 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8537 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8603 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8611 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8624 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8653 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8653 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8683 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8683 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8683 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8716 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8730 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8730 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8730 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8731 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8743 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8791 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8810 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8811 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8861 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8861 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8862 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8905 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8911 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8911 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8911 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8911 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8916 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8975 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8977 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8977 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9059 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9083 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9083 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9083 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9086 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9086 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9086 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9086 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9142 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9176 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9212 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9212 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9241 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9241 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9242 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9264 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9264 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9264 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9264 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9291 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9328 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9354 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9380 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9380 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9386 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9386 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9387 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9395 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9395 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9395 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9395 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9457 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9467 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9471 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9549 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9550 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9567 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9567 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9567 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9591 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9591 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9591 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9591 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9633 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9637 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9644 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9754 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9754 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9757 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9758 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9758 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9767 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9767 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9767 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9768 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9830 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9847 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9849 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9876 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9876 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9896 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9896 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9896 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9930 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9930 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9931 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9930 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9958 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9990 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10005 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10005 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10025 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10036 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10036 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10037 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10059 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10082 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10082 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10082 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10082 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10134 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10139 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10139 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10147 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10193 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10202 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10202 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10202 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10222 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10222 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10222 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10222 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10260 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10294 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10303 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10303 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10343 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10343 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10344 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10360 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10360 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10360 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10360 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10374 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10417 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10453 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10480 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10480 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10489 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10489 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10489 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10491 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10491 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10491 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10492 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10546 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10567 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10575 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10618 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10618 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10627 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10627 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10627 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10659 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10659 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10659 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10659 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10677 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10697 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10751 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10797 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10797 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10800 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10800 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10800 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10815 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10816 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10816 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10816 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10866 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10890 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10915 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10919 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10919 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10961 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10961 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10961 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10975 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10975 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10975 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10975 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11000 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11034 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11056 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11065 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11066 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11083 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11083 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11083 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11121 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11121 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11121 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11121 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11151 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11173 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11179 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11221 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11221 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11246 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11246 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11246 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11281 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11281 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11281 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11281 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11320 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11331 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11380 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11424 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11424 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11443 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11443 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11443 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11471 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11471 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11471 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11471 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11508 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11509 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11554 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11610 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11611 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11652 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11652 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11652 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11660 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11660 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11660 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11660 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11679 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11731 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11749 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11798 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11798 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11818 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11818 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11818 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11853 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11857 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11857 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11857 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11857 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11894 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11947 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11974 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11974 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11981 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11980 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11981 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11998 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11998 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11998 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11998 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12056 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12063 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12077 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12152 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12152 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12161 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12161 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12161 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12167 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12167 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12167 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12167 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12232 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12232 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12237 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12284 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12284 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12296 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12296 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12296 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12299 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12299 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12299 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12299 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12369 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12385 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12388 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12403 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12404 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12453 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12453 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12453 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12461 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12466 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12466 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12466 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12466 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12510 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12531 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12577 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12577 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12585 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12585 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12585 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12601 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12601 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12601 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12602 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12654 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12662 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12675 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12711 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12711 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12759 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12760 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12760 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12760 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12760 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12759 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12760 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12797 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12841 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12847 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12885 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12885 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12904 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12904 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12904 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12912 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12912 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12912 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12912 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12956 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12994 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12998 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13037 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13037 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13098 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13100 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13100 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13100 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13101 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13101 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13102 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13102 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13157 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13200 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13259 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13259 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13268 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13268 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13268 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13289 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13289 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13289 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13289 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13347 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13357 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13373 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13426 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13426 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13448 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13448 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13448 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13468 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13468 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13468 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13468 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13507 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13507 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13552 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13572 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13572 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13631 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13635 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13635 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13636 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13645 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13645 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13645 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13645 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13700 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13717 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13763 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13763 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13809 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13809 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13810 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13835 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13835 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13835 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13835 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13836 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13867 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13891 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13962 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13962 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14010 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14010 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14010 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14013 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14013 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14013 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14013 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14058 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14072 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14109 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14127 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14127 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14154 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14154 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14154 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14171 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14172 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14171 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14172 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14211 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14220 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14252 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14283 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14283 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14322 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14322 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14322 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14346 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14367 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14367 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14367 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14367 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14423 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14434 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14450 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14450 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14502 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14533 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14533 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14533 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14562 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14562 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14562 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14562 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14629 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14641 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14675 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14675 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14699 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14699 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14699 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14758 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14759 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14759 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14759 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14759 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14764 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14837 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14837 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14843 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14870 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14870 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14870 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14912 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14912 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14912 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14912 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14937 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14963 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15013 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15014 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15014 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15040 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15040 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15040 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15051 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15051 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15051 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15051 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15095 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15108 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15112 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15159 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15159 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15165 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15165 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15165 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15212 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15212 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15212 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15212 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15225 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15265 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15304 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15304 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15313 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15348 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15348 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15348 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15362 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15400 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15408 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15408 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15408 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15408 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15461 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15546 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15546 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15584 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15584 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15585 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15601 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15601 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15601 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15601 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15601 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15659 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15686 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15713 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15714 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15747 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15747 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15747 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15780 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15780 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15780 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15781 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15784 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15838 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15844 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15900 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15900 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15900 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15901 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15901 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15927 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15927 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15927 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15927 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15963 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15979 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16024 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16053 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16053 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16083 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16084 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16083 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16097 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16097 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16097 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16097 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16119 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16135 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16187 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16243 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16243 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16269 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16269 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16269 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16297 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16297 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16297 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16297 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16330 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16346 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16365 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16377 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16377 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16441 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16462 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16462 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16462 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16482 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16482 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16482 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16482 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16534 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16579 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16603 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16604 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16664 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16664 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16664 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16669 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16669 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16669 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16669 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16676 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16732 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16757 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16775 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16776 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16781 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16781 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16782 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16808 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16808 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16808 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16809 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16870 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16875 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16896 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16901 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16901 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16920 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16920 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16920 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16959 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16959 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16959 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16959 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16972 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17000 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17016 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17062 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17063 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17072 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17072 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17073 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17092 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17092 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17092 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17093 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17137 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17143 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17151 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17189 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17189 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17193 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17194 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17194 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17222 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17222 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17222 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17222 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17256 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17271 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17306 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17308 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17308 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17367 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17383 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17383 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17383 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17419 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17419 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17419 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17421 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17469 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17519 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17568 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17568 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17617 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17617 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17617 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17618 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17620 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17620 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17621 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17621 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17703 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17717 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17718 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17718 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17728 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17728 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17728 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17772 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17772 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17773 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17772 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17783 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17818 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17841 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17853 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17853 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17878 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17878 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17878 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17912 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17944 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17968 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17968 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17968 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17968 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18007 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18007 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18019 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18069 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18127 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18127 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18127 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18153 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18153 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18153 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18153 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18201 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18212 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18262 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18262 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18319 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18319 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18319 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18332 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18342 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18342 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18342 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18342 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18409 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18425 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18463 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18463 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18512 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18512 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18512 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18536 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18536 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18536 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18536 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18540 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18584 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18623 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18691 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18692 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18708 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18708 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18709 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18712 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18712 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18712 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18712 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18747 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18796 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18807 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18852 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18852 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18861 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18861 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18861 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18878 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18878 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18878 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18878 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18931 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18952 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18953 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19028 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19028 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19054 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19054 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19055 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19061 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19061 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19061 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19061 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19122 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19128 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19147 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19180 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19180 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19196 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19196 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19196 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19229 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19229 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19229 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19229 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19252 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19280 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19306 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19340 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19341 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19343 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19343 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19343 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19389 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19389 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19389 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19390 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19435 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19441 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19467 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19467 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19472 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19542 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19554 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19554 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19554 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19569 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19569 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19569 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19570 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19642 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19666 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19708 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19709 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19739 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19739 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19739 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19745 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19745 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19745 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19745 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19764 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19801 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19824 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19878 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19878 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19895 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19895 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19895 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19939 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19939 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19939 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19940 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19972 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19979 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20013 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20059 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20059 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20070 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20070 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20070 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20123 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20123 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20123 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20123 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20135 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20154 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20196 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20230 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20230 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20266 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20265 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20266 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20284 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20285 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20284 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20285 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20315 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20355 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20362 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20393 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20393 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20398 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20398 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20398 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20441 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20441 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20442 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20441 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20471 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20479 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20519 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20545 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20545 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20617 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20617 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20618 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20629 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20629 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20629 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20629 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20639 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20704 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20727 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20746 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20747 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20790 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20791 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20791 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20791 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20791 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20791 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20791 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20830 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20856 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20881 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20914 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20914 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20966 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20966 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20966 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20977 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20983 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20983 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20983 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20983 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21063 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21075 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21098 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21098 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21110 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21110 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21110 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21164 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21178 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21178 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21178 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21178 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21191 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21233 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21292 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21292 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21292 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21293 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21292 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21348 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21354 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21373 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21373 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21373 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21373 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21424 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21424 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21427 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21478 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21487 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21487 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21487 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21508 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21509 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21508 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21508 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21562 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21569 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21615 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21615 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21619 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21619 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21620 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21666 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21680 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21680 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21680 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21680 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21688 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21759 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21799 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21799 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21800 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21800 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21801 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21816 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21817 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21817 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21816 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21855 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21868 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21876 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21948 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21948 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21972 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21972 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21972 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22011 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22011 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22011 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22011 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22029 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22033 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22086 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22087 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22099 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22140 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22140 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22140 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22150 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22165 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22165 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22165 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22165 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22212 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22247 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22266 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22266 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22301 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22301 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22301 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22326 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22326 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22327 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22327 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22337 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22358 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22415 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22432 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22432 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22467 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22467 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22468 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22471 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22471 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22471 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22471 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22486 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22518 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22549 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22570 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22570 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22593 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22593 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22594 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22644 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22644 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22644 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22644 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22667 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22687 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22721 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22753 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22753 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22757 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22757 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22757 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22808 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22819 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22828 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22828 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22829 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22829 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22885 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22948 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22948 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22972 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22972 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22972 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22981 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22981 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22981 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22981 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23011 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23059 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23064 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23138 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23138 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23147 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23148 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23148 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23166 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23167 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23166 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23167 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23202 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23215 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23237 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23282 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23282 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23308 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23308 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23308 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23341 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23350 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23350 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23350 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23350 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23393 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23405 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23454 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23455 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23473 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23473 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23473 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23489 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23489 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23489 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23490 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23531 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23541 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23564 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23658 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23658 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23663 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23663 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23663 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23672 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23672 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23672 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23672 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23736 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23737 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23750 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23808 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23808 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23839 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23839 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23839 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23856 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23856 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23856 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23857 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23869 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23910 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23938 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23968 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23968 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23970 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23970 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23970 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23989 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23990 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23989 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23990 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24020 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24057 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24083 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24087 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24087 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24156 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24156 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24156 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24165 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24165 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24165 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24166 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24175 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24224 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24234 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24275 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24275 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24295 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24295 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24296 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24328 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24328 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24328 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24328 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24339 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24380 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24387 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24434 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24435 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24468 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24468 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24468 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24523 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24523 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24524 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24523 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24530 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24544 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24617 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24644 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24644 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24653 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24653 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24653 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24701 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24701 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24701 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24701 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24726 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24739 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24761 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24802 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24802 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24808 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24808 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24808 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24829 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24829 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24829 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24829 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24872 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24895 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24914 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24916 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24916 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24979 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24979 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24979 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24984 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24985 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24985 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24985 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25016 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25037 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25044 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25113 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25113 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25125 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25125 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25125 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25148 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25148 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25148 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25148 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25176 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25196 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25200 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25253 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25253 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25269 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25269 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25269 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25324 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25337 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25337 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25337 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25337 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25353 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25396 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25396 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25402 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25487 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25487 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25487 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25489 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25569 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25582 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25682 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25682 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25691 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25691 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25691 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25704 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25704 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25704 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25704 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25756 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25779 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25805 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25829 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25829 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25856 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25856 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25856 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25864 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25864 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25864 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25864 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25920 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25939 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25951 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25968 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25968 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26038 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26038 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26038 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26049 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26055 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26055 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26055 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26055 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26131 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26135 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26173 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26174 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26176 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26176 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26176 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26208 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26208 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26208 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26208 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26257 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26265 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26296 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26309 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26309 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26345 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26345 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26345 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26386 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26392 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26392 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26392 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26392 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26399 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26453 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26529 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26529 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26541 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26541 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26541 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26556 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26556 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26556 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26556 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26583 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26612 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26628 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26645 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26645 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26680 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26680 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26681 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26738 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26751 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26754 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26754 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26754 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26755 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26853 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26861 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26861 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26873 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26873 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26873 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26922 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26928 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26928 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26928 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26928 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26955 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27011 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27018 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27018 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27033 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27033 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27033 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27090 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27093 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27093 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27093 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27093 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27100 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27172 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27183 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27183 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27210 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27210 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27210 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27237 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27258 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27258 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27258 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27258 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27280 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27329 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27378 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27378 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27394 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27394 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27395 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27398 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27398 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27398 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27399 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27463 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27471 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27477 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27496 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27496 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27502 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27502 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27502 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27525 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27525 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27525 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27525 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27566 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27592 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27596 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27654 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27655 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27693 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27693 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27693 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27708 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27708 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27708 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27709 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27715 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27763 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27789 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27797 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27798 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27871 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27885 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27885 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27885 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27886 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27887 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27886 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27887 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27955 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27986 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28002 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28002 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28050 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28050 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28050 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28083 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28083 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28083 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28083 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28086 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28123 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28146 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28178 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28179 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28220 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28220 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28220 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28250 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28277 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28277 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28277 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28277 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28298 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28332 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28332 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28337 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28394 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28444 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28444 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28444 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28448 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28448 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28448 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28448 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28504 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28520 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28601 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28601 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28624 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28624 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28624 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28637 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28637 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28637 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28637 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28696 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28716 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28727 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28801 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28801 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28802 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28802 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28802 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28812 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28812 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28812 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28812 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28871 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28892 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28894 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28939 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28939 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28962 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28962 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28962 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28988 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28988 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28988 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28988 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29025 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29044 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29075 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29122 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29123 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29149 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29149 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29150 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29150 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29150 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29150 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29150 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29199 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29207 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29207 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29261 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29261 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29294 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29294 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29294 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29307 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29307 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29307 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29307 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29350 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29380 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29387 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29448 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29448 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29468 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29469 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29468 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29471 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29471 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29471 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29471 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29516 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29538 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29547 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29583 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29583 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29618 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29618 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29618 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29623 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29623 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29623 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29623 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29656 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29673 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29711 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29751 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29751 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29767 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29767 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29767 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29799 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29799 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29799 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29799 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29844 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29847 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29867 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29875 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29876 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29930 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29930 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29930 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29935 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29935 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29935 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29935 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29936 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29984 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30014 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30085 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30086 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30105 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30105 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30105 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30125 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30125 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30126 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30125 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30160 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30170 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30205 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30249 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30250 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30278 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30278 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30278 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30303 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30303 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30303 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30303 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30326 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30340 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30387 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30447 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30447 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30463 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30463 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30464 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30472 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30473 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30473 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30473 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30518 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30536 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30545 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30614 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30615 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30616 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30616 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30616 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30619 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30619 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30619 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30619 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30675 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30700 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30702 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30737 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30738 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30772 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30772 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30772 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30777 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30777 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30777 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30777 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30818 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30829 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30836 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30909 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30909 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30935 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30935 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30935 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30940 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30940 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30940 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30940 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30972 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31010 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31027 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31065 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31065 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31088 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31088 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31088 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31118 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31118 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31118 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31118 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31144 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31153 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31170 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31237 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31237 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31248 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31248 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31248 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31298 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31298 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31298 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31298 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31310 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31336 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31372 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31372 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31380 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31429 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31429 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31429 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31440 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31499 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31499 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31499 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31499 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31502 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31580 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31580 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31586 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31623 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31623 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31623 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31662 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31673 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31673 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31673 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31673 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31684 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31750 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31818 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31818 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31829 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31829 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31829 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31862 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31862 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31862 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31862 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31889 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31898 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31918 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31932 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31932 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31986 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32039 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32039 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32039 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32042 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32042 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32042 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32043 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32095 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32109 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32155 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32155 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32173 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32173 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32173 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32206 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32206 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32206 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32206 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32252 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32252 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32260 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32301 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32302 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32389 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32389 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32390 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32391 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32401 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32401 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32401 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32401 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32455 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32464 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32525 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32525 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32533 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32533 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32533 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32561 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32561 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32561 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32561 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32597 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32623 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32633 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32633 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32636 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32661 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32661 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32662 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32716 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32751 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32751 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32751 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32751 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32758 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32767 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32767 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32801 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32822 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32893 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32893 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32893 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32932 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32932 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32932 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32932 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32961 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33014 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33029 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33029 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33064 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33064 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33064 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33064 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33064 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33064 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33064 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33106 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33117 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33160 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33193 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33193 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33222 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33222 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33222 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33244 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33244 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33245 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33244 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33277 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33298 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33344 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33379 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33380 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33430 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33430 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33430 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33434 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33434 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33434 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33434 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33465 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33481 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33526 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33536 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33536 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33540 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33540 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33540 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33592 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33601 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33601 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33601 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33602 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33635 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33683 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33729 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33729 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33759 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33759 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33759 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33781 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33781 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33781 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33781 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33788 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33822 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33872 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33904 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33904 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33953 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33953 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33954 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33973 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33973 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33973 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33973 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33987 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34040 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34063 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34086 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34086 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34144 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34144 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34144 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34164 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34165 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34165 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34165 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34165 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34199 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34262 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34302 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34307 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34307 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34307 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34361 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34361 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34361 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34364 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34450 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34463 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34463 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34506 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34634 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6[12Dsemaphore -n 6[14Dmutex -n 6    [20Dmake                [16D[?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m make[K
gcc dpp_DLF_semaphore.c -o dpp_DLF_semaphore -lpthread -lm
run as ./dpp_DLF_semaphore -n num_of_philosophers
gcc dpp_DLF_mutex.c -o dpp_DLF_mutex -lpthread
run as ./dpp_DLF_mutex -n num_of_philosophers
gcc dpp_DLF_oddeven.c -o dpp_DLF_oddeven -lpthread
run as ./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n num_of_philosophers
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [Kmake./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6[12Dsemaphore -n 6[14Dmutex -n 6    [?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m ./dpp_DLF_mutex -n 6[K
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     63 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     70 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     81 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     84 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    100 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    102 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    164 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    264 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    354 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    354 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    365 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    446 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    453 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    453 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    532 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    547 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    560 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    560 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    625 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    647 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    741 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    742 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    747 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    755 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    755 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    833 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    839 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    856 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    908 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    908 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    989 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1006 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1006 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1008 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1069 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1108 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1130 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1130 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1186 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1230 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1280 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1280 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1331 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1376 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1398 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1398 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1449 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1449 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1472 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1477 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1503 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1577 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1660 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1660 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1720 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1720 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1730 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1761 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1818 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1861 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1877 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1877 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1955 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1961 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1998 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1998 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2062 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2080 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2084 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2084 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2156 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2181 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2232 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2233 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2281 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2294 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2294 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2328 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2355 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2394 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2430 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2430 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2490 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2518 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2518 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2530 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2571 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2631 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2714 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2714 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2734 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2734 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2800 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2814 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2831 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2915 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3003 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3003 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3033 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3033 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3074 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3095 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3103 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3204 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3254 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3255 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3310 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3355 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3356 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3356 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3452 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3455 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3512 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3512 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3556 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3572 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3654 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3654 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3659 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3659 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3673 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3707 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3751 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3773 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3779 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3779 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3869 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3879 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3887 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3887 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3945 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3980 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4066 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4066 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4080 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4091 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4091 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4167 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4178 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4192 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4195 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4195 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4281 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4295 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4330 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4330 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4395 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4417 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4442 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4442 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4518 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4530 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4549 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4549 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4631 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4647 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4701 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4701 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4734 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4734 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4747 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4766 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4827 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4847 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4848 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4847 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4932 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4948 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4965 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4965 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5048 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5055 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5097 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5097 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5155 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5160 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5161 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5161 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5252 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5260 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5260 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5261 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5351 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5361 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5446 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5446 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5484 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5484 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5514 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5546 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5562 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5647 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5721 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5721 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5749 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5758 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5758 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5783 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5809 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5858 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5888 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5888 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5960 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5988 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6015 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6015 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6088 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6108 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6150 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6150 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6209 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6212 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6217 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6217 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6298 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6313 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6328 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6328 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6402 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6413 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6442 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6442 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6493 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6513 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6556 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6556 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6614 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6629 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6703 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6703 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6729 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6783 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6783 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6790 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6869 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6883 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6928 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6929 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7015 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7029 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7033 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7033 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7097 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7129 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7192 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7192 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7229 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7280 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7282 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7282 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7354 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7354 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7360 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7381 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7455 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7481 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7483 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7483 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7571 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7583 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7616 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7616 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7677 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7685 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7744 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7744 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7785 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7792 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7792 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7812 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7883 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7892 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7946 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7946 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7996 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7997 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8004 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8046 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8093 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8146 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8180 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8180 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8245 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8247 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8347 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8347 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8348 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8387 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8387 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8431 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8484 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8488 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8526 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8526 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8600 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8626 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8680 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8680 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8726 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8748 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8748 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8771 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8806 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8849 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8904 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8904 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8962 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9004 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9020 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9021 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9104 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9105 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9139 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9139 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9205 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9205 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9205 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9208 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9302 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9306 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9369 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9369 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9465 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9469 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9495 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9495 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9556 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9569 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9628 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9629 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9670 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9748 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9748 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9814 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9834 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9834 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9840 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9933 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9934 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9944 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9944 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10042 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10044 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10116 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10116 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10144 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10170 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10170 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10181 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10245 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10271 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10327 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10327 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10400 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10428 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10433 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10433 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10525 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10528 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10539 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10539 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10595 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10628 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10642 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10642 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10708 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10728 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10762 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10763 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10829 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10833 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10912 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10912 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10934 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10979 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10979 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10983 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11067 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11079 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11128 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11128 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11216 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11228 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11230 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11230 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11304 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11329 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11359 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11359 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11429 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11439 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11439 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11454 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11514 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11539 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11622 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11622 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11698 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11722 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11728 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11728 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11793 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11823 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11870 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11870 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11923 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11953 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12006 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12006 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12054 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12079 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12080 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12082 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12169 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12180 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12196 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12196 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12273 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12296 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12352 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12353 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12397 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12438 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12464 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12464 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12503 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12503 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12538 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12541 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12578 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12639 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12693 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12693 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12766 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12774 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12774 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12793 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12838 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12894 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12990 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12990 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13053 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13053 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13072 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13090 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13142 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13190 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13244 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13244 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13306 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13319 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13319 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13344 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13407 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13445 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13465 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13465 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13564 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13565 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13572 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13572 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13630 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13666 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13741 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13741 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13767 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13818 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13818 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13826 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13881 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13881 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13908 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13918 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13942 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14018 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14074 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14074 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14119 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14157 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14211 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14211 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14257 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14268 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14294 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14294 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14368 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14369 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14369 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14374 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14462 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14470 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14528 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14528 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14572 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14572 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14579 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14628 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14661 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14728 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14733 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14733 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14808 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14834 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14885 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14885 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14935 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14950 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14959 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14959 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15033 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15050 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15113 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15113 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15150 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15167 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15203 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15203 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15264 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15267 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15292 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15292 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15365 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15368 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15387 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15388 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15450 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15468 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15522 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15522 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15569 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15606 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15642 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15642 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15706 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15711 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15752 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15753 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15811 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15831 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15894 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15894 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15931 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15964 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15964 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15970 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16058 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16065 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16128 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16128 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16222 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16228 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16240 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16240 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16292 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16329 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16411 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16411 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16429 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16483 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16512 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16512 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16577 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16578 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16583 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16583 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16675 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16684 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16758 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16758 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16784 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16846 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16854 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16854 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16915 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16946 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17047 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17068 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17096 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17096 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17163 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17169 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17215 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17215 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17269 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17280 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17318 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17319 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17377 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17377 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17380 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17413 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17476 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17481 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17535 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17535 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17595 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17595 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17611 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17635 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17653 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17735 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17803 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17803 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17867 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17867 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17895 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17903 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17949 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18004 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18009 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18009 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18099 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18105 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18182 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18182 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18205 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18237 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18253 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18253 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18337 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18352 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18399 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18399 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18452 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18466 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18466 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18481 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18524 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18566 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18587 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18587 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18666 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18687 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18739 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18739 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18787 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18824 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18916 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18916 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18924 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18932 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18994 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19024 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19102 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19103 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19129 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19129 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19183 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19203 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19226 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19303 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19324 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19324 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19404 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19408 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19454 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19454 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19509 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19528 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19528 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19545 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19609 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19622 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19622 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19628 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19678 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19729 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19741 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19741 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19808 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19829 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19889 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19889 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19929 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19982 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19988 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19988 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20039 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20082 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20129 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20129 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20183 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20222 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20252 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20252 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20323 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20342 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20363 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20363 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20440 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20442 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20516 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20516 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20542 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20585 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20608 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20609 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20646 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20646 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20686 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20693 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20730 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20787 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20878 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20878 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20958 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20958 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20967 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20978 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21050 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21079 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21081 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21081 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21155 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21179 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21234 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21234 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21280 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21327 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21327 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21329 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21414 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21427 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21458 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21458 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21554 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21558 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21594 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21594 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21659 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21680 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21732 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21732 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21773 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21773 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21780 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21784 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21825 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21880 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21959 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21959 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22029 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22029 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22049 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22059 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22100 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22159 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22185 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22186 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22283 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22286 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22334 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22334 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22387 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22429 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22429 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22443 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22500 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22529 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22564 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22564 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22639 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22662 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22662 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22664 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22743 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22764 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22834 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22834 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22871 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22872 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22905 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22935 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22971 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23035 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23064 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23064 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23154 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23161 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23162 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23164 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23259 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23265 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23334 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23334 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23411 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23411 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23430 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23435 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23490 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23535 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23620 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23620 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23635 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23635 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23635 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23685 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23698 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23735 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23803 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23803 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23893 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23903 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23906 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23906 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23995 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24004 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24074 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24074 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24104 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24146 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24160 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24160 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24218 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24247 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24279 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24279 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24348 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24353 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24430 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24430 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24454 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24458 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24458 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24501 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24541 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24558 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24645 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24645 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24703 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24708 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24708 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24745 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24787 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24845 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24933 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24933 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24946 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25031 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25038 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25038 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25085 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25085 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25095 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25132 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25168 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25232 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25317 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25317 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25333 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25374 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25374 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25402 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25428 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25468 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25468 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25474 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25569 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25575 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25590 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25590 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25658 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25675 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25683 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25684 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25763 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25776 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25821 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25821 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25876 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25903 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25952 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25952 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26004 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26042 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26065 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26065 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26132 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26142 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26169 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26169 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26235 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26243 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26276 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26276 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26344 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26359 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26359 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26361 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26433 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26460 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26498 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26498 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26549 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26580 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26580 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26598 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26661 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26698 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26778 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26778 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26849 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26849 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26856 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26878 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26933 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26978 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27059 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27060 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27079 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27087 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27087 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27119 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27140 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27187 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27268 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27268 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27349 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27349 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27357 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27368 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27447 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27469 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27504 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27504 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27560 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27569 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27657 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27657 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27670 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27742 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27750 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27750 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27773 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27773 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27826 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27842 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27847 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27942 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28010 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28010 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28043 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28097 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28113 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28113 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28167 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28198 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28219 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28220 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28298 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28311 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28398 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28398 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28411 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28482 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28482 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28487 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28565 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28582 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28597 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28597 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28688 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28697 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28750 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28750 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28799 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28824 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28891 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28891 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28925 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28972 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28981 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28981 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29065 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29073 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29090 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29090 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29173 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29188 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29249 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29249 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29288 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29303 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29363 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29363 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29404 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29413 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29414 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29414 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29484 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29506 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29507 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29514 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29594 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29615 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29619 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29619 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29704 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29715 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29755 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29755 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29816 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29842 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29855 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29855 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29922 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29939 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29939 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29942 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30005 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30042 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30064 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30065 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30154 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30154 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30156 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30165 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30235 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30265 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30361 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30361 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30443 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30443 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30457 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30461 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30507 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30562 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30597 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30598 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30655 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30698 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30747 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30747 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30798 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30800 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30800 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30826 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30892 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30900 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30913 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30913 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31001 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31013 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31039 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31039 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31107 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31114 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31123 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31124 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31202 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31214 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31224 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31224 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31275 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31315 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31315 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31316 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31372 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31416 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31500 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31500 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31574 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31601 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31608 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31608 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31664 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31701 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31714 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31714 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31797 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31801 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31806 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31806 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31875 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31902 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31905 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31905 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31982 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32002 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32050 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32050 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32102 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32118 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32180 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32180 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32218 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32234 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32288 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32288 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32334 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32346 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32346 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32355 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32427 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32446 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32486 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32486 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32564 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32586 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32630 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32630 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32686 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32815 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32825 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32887 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32887 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32926 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32966 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33008 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33008 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33067 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33107 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33121 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33121 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33188 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33207 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33256 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33256 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33308 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33319 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33396 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33396 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33420 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33443 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33443 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33468 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33519 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33544 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33614 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33614 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33679 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33714 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33717 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33717 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33768 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33815 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33870 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33870 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33915 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33932 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33956 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33956 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34020 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34032 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34095 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34095 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34132 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34160 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34204 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34204 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34255 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34260 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34293 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34293 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34360 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34361 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34362 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34367 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34452 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34462 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34479 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34479 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34548 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34579 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34657 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34657 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34679 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34734 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34768 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34768 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34834 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34839 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34839 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34863 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34890 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34939 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34959 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34959 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35013 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35059 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35134 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35134 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35159 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35207 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35253 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35253 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35307 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35307 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35307 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35334 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35385 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35408 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35475 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35475 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35524 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35524 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35542 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35575 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35577 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35676 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35733 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35733 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35829 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35833 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35864 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35864 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35931 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35933 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36016 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36016 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36034 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36072 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36091 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36091 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36170 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36173 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36213 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36213 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36273 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36310 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36322 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36322 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36393 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36411 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36472 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36472 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36511 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36542 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36558 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36558 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36628 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36629 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36642 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36646 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36692 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36743 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36750 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36750 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36849 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36851 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36932 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36932 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36951 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36983 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37038 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37038 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37083 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37114 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37141 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37141 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37214 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37216 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37217 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37233 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37294 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37317 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37398 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37398 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37454 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37497 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37497 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37498 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37562 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37598 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37631 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37632 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37698 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37722 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37771 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37771 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37822 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37822 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37822 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37857 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37891 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37923 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37948 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37948 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38023 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38041 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38041 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38048 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38107 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38149 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38232 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38232 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38249 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38299 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38299 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38313 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38351 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38351 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38391 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38399 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38444 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38500 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38502 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38502 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38557 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38600 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38643 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38643 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38701 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38731 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38731 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38732 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38810 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38831 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38886 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38886 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38975 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38986 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39024 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39024 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39087 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39097 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39097 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39116 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39174 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39197 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39287 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39287 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39367 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39387 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39393 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39393 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39488 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39492 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39577 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39577 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39592 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39664 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39679 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39679 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39753 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39753 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39764 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39768 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39835 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39865 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39911 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39911 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40008 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40011 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40023 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40023 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40105 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40111 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40139 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40139 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40190 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40212 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40233 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40233 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40313 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40320 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40320 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40328 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40381 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40421 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40511 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40511 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40598 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40598 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40611 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40611 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40698 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40711 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40774 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40774 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40826 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40826 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40835 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40874 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40920 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40974 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41065 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41065 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41121 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41152 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41152 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41165 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41252 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41265 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41304 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41305 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41382 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41382 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41389 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41405 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41453 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41505 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41579 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41579 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41605 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41659 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41683 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41683 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41759 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41759 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41763 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41763 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41841 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41859 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41905 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41905 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41960 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41960 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41961 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41980 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42043 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42061 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42150 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42150 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42196 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42196 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42230 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42251 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42288 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42351 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42382 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42382 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42452 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42462 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42462 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42472 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42525 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42563 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42577 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42577 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42643 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42677 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42728 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42728 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42778 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42789 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42801 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42801 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42851 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42889 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42940 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42940 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42989 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43011 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43011 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43024 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43089 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43095 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43095 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43112 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43162 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43212 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43289 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43289 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43312 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43356 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43356 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43377 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43426 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43457 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43489 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43489 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43586 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43589 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43690 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43690 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43738 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43738 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43790 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43791 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43849 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43849 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43891 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43920 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43920 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43947 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43991 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44020 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44057 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44057 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44155 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44157 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44212 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44212 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44257 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44311 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44317 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44317 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44397 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44411 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44422 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44422 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44505 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44512 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44565 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44566 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44612 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44666 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44680 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44680 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44737 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44765 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44766 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44766 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44824 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44867 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44890 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44890 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44965 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44990 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45028 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45028 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45090 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45116 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45158 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45159 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45204 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45204 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45216 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45233 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45286 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45317 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45406 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45406 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45447 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45447 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45458 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45501 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45506 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45606 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45695 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45695 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45707 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45754 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45761 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45761 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45824 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45854 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45855 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45855 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45955 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45955 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46037 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46037 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46055 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46098 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46116 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46116 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46199 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46212 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46241 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46241 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46301 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46313 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46332 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46332 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46387 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46413 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46456 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46456 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46513 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46516 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46569 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46569 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46617 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46636 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46671 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46671 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46737 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46766 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46805 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46805 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46867 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46897 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46926 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46968 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46986 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46986 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47076 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47087 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47098 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47098 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47185 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47187 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47261 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47261 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47287 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47332 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47332 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47339 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47402 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47402 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47402 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47433 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47462 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47533 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47561 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47561 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47624 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47633 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47718 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47718 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47735 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47766 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47766 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47812 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47848 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47854 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47854 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47866 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47943 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47966 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47985 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47985 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48067 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48076 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48124 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48124 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48177 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48199 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48254 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48254 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48299 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48306 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48349 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48349 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48406 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48442 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48488 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48488 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48542 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48570 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48600 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48600 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48654 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48670 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48688 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48688 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48770 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48786 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48815 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48815 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48886 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48897 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48945 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48945 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48987 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48987 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48998 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49001 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49046 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49098 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49113 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49113 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49208 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49213 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49282 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49282 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49314 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49340 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49357 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49357 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49439 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49440 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49441 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49441 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49518 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49541 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49582 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49582 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49645 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49647 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49701 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49701 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49747 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49776 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49776 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49779 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49831 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49865 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49865 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49877 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49918 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49977 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50067 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50067 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50077 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50134 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50171 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50171 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50191 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50191 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50235 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50248 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50264 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50335 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50395 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50395 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50470 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50470 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50476 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50495 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50596 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50616 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50691 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50691 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50717 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50732 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50732 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50748 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50829 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50833 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50875 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50875 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50927 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50949 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50949 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50976 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51013 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51076 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51101 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51102 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51176 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51182 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51182 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51195 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51242 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51282 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51344 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51344 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51393 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51393 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51423 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51444 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51469 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51544 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51586 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51586 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51644 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51653 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51653 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51665 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51711 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51753 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51771 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51771 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51839 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  51872 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51916 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51916 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51973 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51990 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51990 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  51994 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52089 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52090 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52145 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52145 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52192 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52192 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52218 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52245 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52246 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52346 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52347 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52348 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52414 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52448 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52491 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52491 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52548 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52552 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52552 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52586 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52603 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52649 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52649 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52653 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52719 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52753 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52760 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52760 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52813 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  52854 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52932 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52932 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52954 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52959 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  52959 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53009 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53020 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53059 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53114 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53114 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53197 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53197 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53204 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53214 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53292 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53315 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53326 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53326 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53383 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53427 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53469 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53469 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53527 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53568 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53609 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53609 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53663 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53663 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53669 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53705 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53713 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53769 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53776 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53776 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53857 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  53876 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53926 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53926 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53976 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  53997 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54056 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54056 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54097 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54106 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54106 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54113 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54200 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54206 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54207 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54208 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54305 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54308 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54365 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54365 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54409 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54434 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54493 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54493 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54534 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54574 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54595 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54595 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54645 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54645 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54657 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54674 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54702 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54774 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54846 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54846 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54875 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54908 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  54948 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54948 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54993 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  54993 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55008 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55014 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55093 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55108 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55180 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55180 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55248 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55280 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55290 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55290 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55360 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55381 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55434 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55434 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55482 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55515 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55515 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55523 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55569 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55615 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55672 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55672 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55723 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55772 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55786 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55786 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55863 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  55873 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55960 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55960 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55974 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55996 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  55996 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56046 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56080 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56097 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56139 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56139 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56203 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56239 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56272 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56272 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56339 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56350 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56351 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56351 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56426 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56450 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56517 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56517 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56551 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56566 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56566 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56617 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56627 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56666 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56745 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56745 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56823 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56823 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56828 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56845 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56875 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  56946 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56953 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  56953 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57028 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57046 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57095 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57096 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57146 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57155 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57156 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57156 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57247 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57256 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57329 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57329 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57356 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57410 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57435 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57435 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57510 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57519 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57519 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57526 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57615 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57620 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57682 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57683 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57748 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57783 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57802 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57802 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57883 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57889 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57895 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57895 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57956 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  57989 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57991 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  57991 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58090 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58090 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58150 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58151 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58191 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58202 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58202 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58218 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58279 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58300 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58300 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58302 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58393 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58403 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58472 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58472 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58503 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58524 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58585 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58586 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58624 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58649 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58649 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58649 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58735 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58739 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58739 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58749 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58800 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58849 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58873 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58873 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58953 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  58973 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58978 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  58978 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59071 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59074 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59105 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59105 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59174 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59178 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59225 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59226 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59279 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59292 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59297 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59298 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59371 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59389 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59389 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59392 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59444 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59492 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59581 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59581 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59610 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59610 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59658 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59666 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59682 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59782 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59861 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59861 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59931 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  59961 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59961 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  59961 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60034 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60061 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60143 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60143 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60161 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60208 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60209 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60233 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60285 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60285 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60290 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60309 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60351 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60409 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60478 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60478 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60509 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60556 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60605 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60605 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60657 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60658 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60706 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60706 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60759 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60776 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60833 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60833 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60877 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60899 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60899 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  60902 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60966 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  60999 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61076 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61076 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61134 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61134 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61144 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61176 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61190 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61276 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61286 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61286 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61348 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61387 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61471 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61471 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61487 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61544 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61587 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61587 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61609 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61609 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61644 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61644 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61664 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61744 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61811 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61811 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61865 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  61905 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61905 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61911 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  61965 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62011 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62021 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62021 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62085 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62121 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62181 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62181 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62221 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62223 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62223 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62241 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62291 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62324 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62400 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62400 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62479 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62500 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62518 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62518 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62570 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62600 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62691 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62691 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62701 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62742 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62800 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62800 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62843 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62843 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62843 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62886 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62905 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  62943 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62997 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  62997 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63095 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63097 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63130 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63130 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63197 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63222 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63249 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63249 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63322 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63344 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63395 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63395 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63443 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63443 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63445 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63466 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63520 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63549 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63588 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63588 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63665 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63688 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63699 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63699 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63768 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63789 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63835 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63835 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63890 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63901 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  63980 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  63980 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64001 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64050 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64069 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64069 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64123 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64123 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64128 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64150 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64210 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64251 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64264 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64265 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64321 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64365 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64381 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64466 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64516 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64516 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64598 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64616 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64662 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64662 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64733 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64762 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64813 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64813 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64863 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64885 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  64891 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64892 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64985 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  64988 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65007 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65007 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65070 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65088 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65138 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65138 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65188 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65221 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65247 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65247 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65322 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65330 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65331 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65348 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65400 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65431 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65448 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65448 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65508 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65549 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65590 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65590 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65666 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65690 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65746 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65747 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65805 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65847 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65857 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65857 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  65932 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  65947 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66021 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66022 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66049 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66111 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66113 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66113 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66185 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66195 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66195 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66211 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66247 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66312 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66336 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66336 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66398 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66413 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66508 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66509 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66513 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66580 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66612 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66612 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66680 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66695 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66708 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66795 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66834 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66834 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66926 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  66934 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66986 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  66986 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67039 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67039 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67050 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67087 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67134 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67187 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67261 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67261 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67341 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67341 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67356 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67361 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67414 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67462 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67466 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67466 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67523 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67566 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67577 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67577 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67651 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67677 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67733 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67733 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67783 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67783 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67790 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67833 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  67838 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  67933 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68030 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68030 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68097 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68112 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68113 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68130 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68185 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68230 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68251 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68251 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68337 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68337 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68339 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68351 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68436 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68451 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68480 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68481 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68550 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68581 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68583 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68583 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68664 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68683 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68690 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68690 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68778 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68790 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68872 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68872 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68938 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68938 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  68966 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  68972 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69014 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69072 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69167 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69167 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69205 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69205 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69232 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69263 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69267 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69367 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69467 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69467 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69502 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69502 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69526 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69564 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69568 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69668 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69668 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69668 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69743 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69768 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69811 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69811 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69872 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  69912 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69946 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  69947 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70017 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70021 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70021 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70047 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70099 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70147 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70165 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70165 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70253 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70253 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70261 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70265 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70348 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70365 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70454 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70454 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70476 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70476 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70535 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70554 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70575 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70657 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70741 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70741 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70826 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  70830 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70841 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70941 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  70995 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71060 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71095 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  71199 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K./dpp_DLF_mutex -n 6[20Dmake                [16D./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6[12Dsemaphore -n 6[?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m ./dpp_DLF_semaphore -n 6[K
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     53 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     72 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     84 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     91 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     94 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     97 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    153 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    172 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    253 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    297 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    297 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    350 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    350 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    391 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    391 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    397 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    397 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    447 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    450 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    456 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    498 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    504 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    504 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    572 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    572 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    587 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    633 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    644 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    644 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    672 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    699 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    744 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    772 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    867 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    868 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    926 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    936 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    936 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    939 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    939 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    968 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    997 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1010 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1039 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1068 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1133 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1133 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1189 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1189 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1219 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1225 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1225 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1265 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1289 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1316 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1325 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1390 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1441 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1441 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1483 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1483 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1496 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1496 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1504 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1540 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1542 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1580 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1583 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1658 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1658 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1684 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1704 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1704 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1753 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1780 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1784 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1837 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1838 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1838 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1889 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1934 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1934 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1938 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1976 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1976 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1977 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2014 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2042 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2088 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2088 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2088 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2176 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2181 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2243 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2243 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2243 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2282 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2282 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2282 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2338 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2368 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2399 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2399 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2399 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2406 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2406 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2406 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2488 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2500 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2570 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2571 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2571 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2604 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2604 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2604 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2627 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2669 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2677 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2677 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2704 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2724 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2724 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2724 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2746 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2787 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2832 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2832 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2832 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2849 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2849 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2849 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2896 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2940 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2950 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2950 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2950 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2998 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2998 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2998 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3031 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3079 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3126 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3126 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3126 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3167 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3167 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3167 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3202 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3226 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3248 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3249 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3268 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3337 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3342 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3342 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3342 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3425 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3465 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3465 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3466 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3479 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3479 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3479 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3533 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3553 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3584 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3584 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3584 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3612 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3612 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3612 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3664 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3673 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3708 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3709 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3713 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3777 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3804 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3804 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3805 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3866 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3891 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3891 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3905 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3915 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3915 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3915 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3959 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3973 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4022 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4022 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4022 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4085 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4111 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4132 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4132 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4161 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4185 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4199 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4252 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4252 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4252 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4311 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4320 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4320 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4352 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4382 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4447 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4447 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4447 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4487 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4487 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4548 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4548 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4581 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4592 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4592 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4592 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4645 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4696 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4696 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4696 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4757 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4757 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4757 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4770 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4827 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4828 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4828 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4857 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4893 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4893 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4894 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4916 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4973 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5053 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5053 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5053 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5082 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5083 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5083 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5137 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5173 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5226 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5226 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5226 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5276 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5276 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5278 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5289 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5370 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5407 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5408 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5407 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5423 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5423 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5423 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5487 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5491 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5512 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5513 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5523 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5562 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5562 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5562 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5579 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5641 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5724 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5724 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5724 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5739 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5739 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5739 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5806 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5815 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5824 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5824 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5839 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5850 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5850 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5850 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5899 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5946 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5980 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5980 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5980 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6030 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6031 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6031 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6055 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6083 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6083 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6125 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6132 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6153 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6153 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6154 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6162 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6240 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6295 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6295 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6295 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6308 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6308 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6308 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6357 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6367 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6414 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6414 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6415 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6434 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6435 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6435 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6481 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6522 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6522 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6535 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6535 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6610 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6610 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6610 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6618 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6696 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6716 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6716 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6716 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6768 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6768 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6768 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6782 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6829 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6893 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6893 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6893 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6895 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6895 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6895 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6951 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6984 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7014 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7014 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7014 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7039 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7040 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7040 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7083 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7094 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7155 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7155 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7155 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7225 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7226 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7225 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7242 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7260 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7260 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7321 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7325 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7354 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7364 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7364 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7365 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7445 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7472 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7472 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7472 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7552 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7552 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7552 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7562 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7591 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7591 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7608 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7647 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7653 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7725 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7725 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7725 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7765 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7765 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7801 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7819 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7826 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7828 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7829 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7829 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7895 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7945 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7945 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7945 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7986 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7986 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7986 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8017 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8079 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8105 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8105 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8105 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8156 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8170 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8170 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8170 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8246 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8246 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8254 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8270 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8314 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8335 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8335 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8335 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8420 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8421 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8421 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8435 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8477 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8491 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8491 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8491 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8542 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8597 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8597 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8597 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8628 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8628 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8628 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8683 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8703 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8703 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8713 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8728 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8778 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8785 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8785 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8785 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8858 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8858 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8865 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8885 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8921 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8970 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8970 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8970 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9038 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9073 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9073 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9073 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9136 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9136 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9136 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9161 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9185 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9186 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9234 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9236 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9245 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9273 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9273 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9273 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9355 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9355 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9369 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9373 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9440 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9457 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9457 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9457 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9522 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9523 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9533 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9557 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9566 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9566 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9566 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9576 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9626 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9680 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9680 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9680 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9688 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9688 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9688 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9747 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9767 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9846 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9845 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9846 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9871 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9872 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9871 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9913 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9960 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9960 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9971 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9972 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10026 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10026 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10027 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10052 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10080 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10109 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10109 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10127 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10178 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10194 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10194 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10194 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10275 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10328 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10328 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10328 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10376 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10376 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10376 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10407 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10427 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10477 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10477 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10477 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10517 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10517 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10517 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10540 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10578 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10578 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10612 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10617 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10650 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10681 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10681 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10681 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10755 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10789 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10789 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10790 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10853 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10853 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10853 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10879 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10916 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10940 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10940 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10953 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11037 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11044 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11044 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11044 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11101 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11101 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11115 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11144 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11159 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11200 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11200 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11200 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11253 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11253 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11299 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11300 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11335 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11361 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11361 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11361 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11460 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11480 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11480 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11480 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11495 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11495 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11495 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11553 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11586 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11600 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11600 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11600 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11653 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11673 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11674 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11674 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11736 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11782 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11782 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11782 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11785 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11785 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11785 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11844 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11846 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11917 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11918 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11917 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11948 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11948 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11948 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11994 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12028 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12028 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12046 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12049 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12092 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12092 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12092 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12111 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12145 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12248 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12248 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12248 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12264 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12264 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12264 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12325 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12355 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12394 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12394 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12394 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12460 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12460 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12460 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12487 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12545 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12563 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12563 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12563 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12629 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12635 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12635 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12635 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12677 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12677 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12696 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12735 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12765 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12786 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12787 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12787 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12848 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12856 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12856 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12887 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12898 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12898 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12898 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12920 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12952 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13026 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13026 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13026 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13075 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13075 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13075 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13105 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13135 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13186 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13186 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13186 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13248 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13248 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13248 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13259 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13310 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13376 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13376 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13377 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13396 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13396 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13397 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13443 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13495 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13551 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13551 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13551 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13558 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13558 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13558 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13616 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13655 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13689 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13689 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13689 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13730 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13731 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13731 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13740 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13790 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13790 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13825 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13831 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13881 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13927 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13927 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13927 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13944 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13944 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13979 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14028 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14042 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14047 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14047 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14047 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14133 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14210 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14211 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14210 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14226 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14226 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14226 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14296 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14326 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14357 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14357 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14358 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14395 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14395 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14395 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14410 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14463 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14470 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14470 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14496 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14539 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14539 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14539 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14546 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14603 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14653 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14653 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14654 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14679 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14679 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14679 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14746 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14752 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14796 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14796 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14796 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14837 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14837 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14837 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14896 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14924 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14937 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14937 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14937 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14971 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14971 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14971 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15036 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15059 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15059 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15063 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15071 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15119 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15127 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15127 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15127 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15208 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15211 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15212 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15227 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15264 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15265 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15265 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15275 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15350 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15369 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15369 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15369 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15393 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15394 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15394 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15450 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15471 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15555 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15555 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15556 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15559 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15559 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15559 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15615 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15649 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15694 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15694 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15694 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15729 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15729 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15729 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15766 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15793 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15822 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15822 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15829 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15884 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15919 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15920 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15920 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15942 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15942 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16013 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16020 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16022 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16042 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16042 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16042 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16122 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16142 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16142 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16142 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16159 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16159 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16159 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16217 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16243 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16262 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16262 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16262 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16314 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16314 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16314 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16325 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16372 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16373 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16392 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16414 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16444 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16444 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16444 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16466 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16515 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16515 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16527 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16544 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16599 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16612 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16612 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16612 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16673 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16673 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16702 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16712 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16740 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16740 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16740 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16762 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16836 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16875 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16875 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16876 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16906 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16906 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16906 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16966 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16966 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16980 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16980 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17007 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17033 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17034 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17034 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17050 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17134 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17149 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17149 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17149 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17157 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17157 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17157 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17229 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17255 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17288 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17288 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17288 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17308 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17308 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17308 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17389 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17408 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17453 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17453 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17453 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17457 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17457 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17457 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17522 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17536 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17615 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17672 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17679 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17743 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17743 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17743 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17757 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17757 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17757 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17813 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17854 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17863 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17863 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17863 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17875 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17875 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17875 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17929 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17967 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17983 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17984 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17983 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18047 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18047 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18047 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18083 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18148 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18156 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18156 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18156 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18206 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18242 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18243 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18243 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18308 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18308 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18332 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18343 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18388 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18411 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18411 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18411 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18460 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18460 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18475 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18511 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18536 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18590 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18590 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18590 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18635 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18635 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18651 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18690 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18692 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18740 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18740 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18740 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18794 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18799 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18799 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18852 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18904 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18904 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18905 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18993 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19032 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19032 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19032 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19055 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19055 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19055 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19114 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19119 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19143 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19144 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19156 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19191 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19191 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19191 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19241 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19265 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19265 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19267 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19291 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19340 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19340 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19341 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19361 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19402 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19435 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19435 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19441 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19489 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19501 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19501 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19501 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19557 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19568 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19569 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19602 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19642 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19688 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19687 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19688 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19761 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19765 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19765 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19788 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19837 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19851 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19851 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19851 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19902 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19902 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19905 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19951 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19974 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20030 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20030 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20030 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20093 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20093 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20105 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20130 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20186 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20186 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20186 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20194 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20255 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20290 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20290 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20290 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20302 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20302 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20302 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20384 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20395 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20395 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20396 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20402 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20405 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20405 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20405 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20459 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20464 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20552 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20552 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20552 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20554 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20554 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20554 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20644 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20646 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20715 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20715 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20715 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20742 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20743 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20743 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20783 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20829 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20846 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20846 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20846 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20914 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20915 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20914 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20939 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20948 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20949 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21014 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21014 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21038 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21039 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21039 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21048 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21110 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21142 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21142 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21142 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21182 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21182 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21182 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21200 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21247 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21251 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21251 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21283 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21300 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21301 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21301 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21349 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21395 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21449 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21449 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21449 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21472 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21472 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21472 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21513 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21532 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21597 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21597 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21597 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21644 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21644 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21644 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21649 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21730 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21732 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21733 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21744 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21825 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21845 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21845 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21845 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21924 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21932 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21932 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21945 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21989 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21989 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21989 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22011 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22044 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22058 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22058 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22089 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22121 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22172 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22173 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22172 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22194 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22194 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22235 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22273 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22282 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22355 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22355 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22356 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22433 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22459 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22460 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22459 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22536 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22544 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22544 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22544 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22602 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22637 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22637 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22644 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22693 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22697 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22696 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22697 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22749 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22802 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22802 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22802 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22811 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22811 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22811 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22863 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22894 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22973 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22974 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22974 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22986 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22986 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22986 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23053 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23063 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23107 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23107 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23107 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23167 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23167 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23167 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23201 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23220 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23220 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23261 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23268 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23311 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23316 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23316 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23316 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23393 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23398 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23398 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23416 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23449 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23449 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23449 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23463 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23526 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23531 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23532 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23550 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23611 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23617 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23617 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23617 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23682 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23705 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23705 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23718 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23770 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23770 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23770 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23802 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23845 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23888 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23888 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23889 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23951 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23951 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23951 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23986 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24002 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24024 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24024 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24051 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24081 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24093 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24093 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24093 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24185 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24220 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24220 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24221 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24261 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24262 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24261 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24297 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24317 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24417 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24475 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24490 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24521 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24521 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24521 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24588 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24588 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24588 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24616 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24643 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24722 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24722 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24722 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24770 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24770 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24770 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24795 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24869 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24919 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24919 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24919 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24945 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24945 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24945 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24976 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25006 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25022 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25023 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25045 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25099 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25116 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25117 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25117 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25163 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25163 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25183 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25217 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25233 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25233 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25233 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25240 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25317 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25347 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25347 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25347 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25376 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25376 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25376 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25423 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25468 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25509 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25540 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25540 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25540 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25602 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25610 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25671 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25671 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25671 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25705 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25705 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25705 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25738 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25760 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25829 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25829 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25829 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25839 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25840 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25840 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25887 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25894 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25953 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25953 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25953 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25996 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25996 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25996 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26043 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26092 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26118 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26118 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26118 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26178 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26178 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26178 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26179 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26273 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26273 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26276 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26278 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26366 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26374 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26374 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26374 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26391 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26391 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26444 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26469 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26474 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26519 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26519 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26519 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26570 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26598 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26598 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26619 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26677 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26709 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26709 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26709 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26764 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26807 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26807 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26810 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26893 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26893 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26893 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26899 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26922 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26922 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26973 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26975 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26993 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27053 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27054 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27054 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27117 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27154 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27154 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27154 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27241 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27241 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27241 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27247 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27297 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27297 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27327 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27342 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27352 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27409 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27409 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27409 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27456 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27456 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27485 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27509 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27514 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27514 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27514 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27536 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27587 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27609 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27609 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27614 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27653 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27654 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27653 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27687 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27708 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27757 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27757 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27757 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27798 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27798 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27798 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27823 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27863 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27907 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27907 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27907 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27930 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27930 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27930 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28005 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28012 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28019 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28020 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28031 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28036 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28036 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28036 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28096 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28104 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28162 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28163 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28163 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28187 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28188 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28187 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28256 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28257 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28321 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28321 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28322 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28362 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28362 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28362 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28425 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28467 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28467 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28467 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28534 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28534 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28534 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28551 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28597 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28641 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28641 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28641 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28654 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28655 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28655 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28700 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28752 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28784 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28784 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28785 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28837 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28837 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28837 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28859 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28915 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28940 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28940 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28940 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28980 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28980 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28980 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28996 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29036 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29048 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29048 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29080 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29101 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29122 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29122 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29122 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29181 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29227 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29227 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29227 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29295 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29295 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29295 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29296 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29372 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29372 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29386 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29396 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29458 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29496 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29496 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29496 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29554 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29570 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29570 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29596 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29634 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29634 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29634 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29652 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29700 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29733 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29733 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29734 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29788 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29788 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29788 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29804 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29852 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29861 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29861 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29888 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29904 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29904 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29904 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29915 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29976 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30013 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30013 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30013 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30051 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30052 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30052 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30099 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30127 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30127 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30127 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30152 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30182 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30182 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30182 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30218 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30250 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30289 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30290 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30289 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30290 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30290 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30290 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30340 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30354 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30420 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30421 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30420 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30440 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30440 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30440 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30518 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30534 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30557 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30557 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30557 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30630 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30635 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30636 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30636 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30728 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30728 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30731 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30736 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30787 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30802 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30802 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30802 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30855 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30855 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30855 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30902 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30916 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30917 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30916 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30946 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31011 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31083 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31083 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31084 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31098 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31099 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31098 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31157 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31183 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31245 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31245 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31246 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31259 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31259 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31259 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31334 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31343 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31366 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31367 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31367 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31399 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31399 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31399 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31428 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31451 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31547 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31547 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31547 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31564 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31564 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31564 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31621 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31643 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31659 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31659 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31665 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31687 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31687 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31687 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31750 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31766 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31851 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31851 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31851 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31864 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31864 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31864 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31940 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31960 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31963 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31963 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31964 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32006 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32006 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32007 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32046 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32079 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32086 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32086 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32107 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32126 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32126 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32126 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32155 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32192 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32278 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32278 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32278 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32292 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32292 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32292 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32334 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32390 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32405 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32405 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32405 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32441 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32441 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32441 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32472 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32511 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32511 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32511 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32541 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32578 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32593 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32593 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32594 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32659 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32709 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32709 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32709 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32725 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32726 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32809 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32820 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32821 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32824 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32826 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32886 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32923 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32923 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32923 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32977 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32998 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32998 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33024 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33085 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33120 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33120 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33120 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33127 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33127 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33205 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33216 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33220 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33262 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33262 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33262 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33358 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33383 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33383 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33438 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33438 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33438 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33467 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33499 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33538 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33564 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33564 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33565 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33623 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33677 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33677 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33677 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33755 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33755 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33755 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33777 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33819 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33861 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33861 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33861 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33879 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33879 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33940 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33953 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33961 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34008 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34008 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34009 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34090 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34123 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34123 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34123 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34202 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34202 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34202 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34215 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34285 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34290 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34290 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34303 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34333 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34333 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34333 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34354 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34409 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34428 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34428 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34433 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34522 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34522 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34522 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34526 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34563 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34563 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34595 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34622 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34641 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34665 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34665 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34665 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34727 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34807 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34807 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34807 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34830 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34830 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34830 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34884 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34905 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34937 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34938 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34938 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34985 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34985 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34985 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35008 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35056 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35122 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35122 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35122 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35178 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35179 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35179 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35179 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35258 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35263 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35263 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35279 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35330 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35345 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35345 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35345 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35404 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35439 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35439 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35446 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35497 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35516 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35516 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35516 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35612 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35612 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35614 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35616 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35637 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35637 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35637 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35695 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35700 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35724 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35725 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35738 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35780 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35816 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35816 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35816 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35901 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35921 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35921 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35921 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35925 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35925 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35925 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35992 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36019 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36056 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36056 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36056 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36057 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36057 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36058 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36129 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36139 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36175 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36175 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36175 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36203 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36203 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36203 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36244 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36276 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36370 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36370 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36370 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36396 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36396 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36396 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36420 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36480 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36550 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36550 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36550 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36556 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36556 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36556 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36633 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36635 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36702 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36702 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36702 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36732 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36732 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36732 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36782 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36813 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36863 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36863 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36863 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36901 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36901 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36901 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36934 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36958 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37002 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37002 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37002 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37005 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37005 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37005 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37070 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37093 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37167 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37167 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37167 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37178 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37178 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37178 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37238 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37251 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37290 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37290 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37291 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37308 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37308 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37309 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37360 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37395 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37395 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37408 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37409 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37471 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37471 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37471 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37482 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37550 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37562 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37562 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37571 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37586 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37586 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37587 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37647 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37656 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37705 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37705 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37705 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37747 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37747 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37747 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37781 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37841 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37841 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37845 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37847 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37866 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37866 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37866 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37896 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37947 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38035 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38035 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38035 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38045 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38045 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38045 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38125 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38133 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38160 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38160 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38160 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38199 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38199 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38200 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38236 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38277 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38278 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38294 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38300 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38362 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38393 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38393 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38393 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38459 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38471 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38471 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38493 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38544 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38544 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38544 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38567 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38601 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38668 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38668 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38668 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38673 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38673 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38673 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38727 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38750 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38799 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38800 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38799 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38866 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38867 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38867 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38894 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38947 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38979 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38979 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38979 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39032 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39032 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39032 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39078 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39087 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39087 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39106 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39133 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39168 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39175 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39175 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39175 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39252 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39319 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39319 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39319 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39342 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39342 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39342 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39408 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39439 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39450 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39451 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39451 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39501 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39501 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39501 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39544 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39575 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39628 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39628 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39628 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39641 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39641 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39641 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39697 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39705 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39784 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39784 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39784 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39797 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39797 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39797 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39870 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39884 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39898 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39899 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39899 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39919 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39919 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39919 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39954 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40002 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40060 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40060 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40060 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40094 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40094 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40094 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40123 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40185 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40197 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40198 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40198 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40269 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40269 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40270 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40286 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40335 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40352 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40352 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40370 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40384 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40384 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40384 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40417 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40441 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40506 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40506 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40506 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40560 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40561 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40560 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40598 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40652 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40674 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40674 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40674 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40686 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40687 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40686 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40738 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40741 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40806 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40806 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40807 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40837 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40837 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40837 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40882 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40934 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40948 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40948 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40948 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41006 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41037 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41037 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41037 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41091 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41134 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41134 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41137 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41213 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41214 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41214 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41221 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41271 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41319 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41319 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41320 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41410 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41410 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41410 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41417 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41472 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41472 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41472 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41511 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41531 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41551 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41552 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41552 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41625 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41667 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41667 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41667 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41679 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41680 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41680 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41741 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41754 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41778 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41778 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41780 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41798 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41798 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41799 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41867 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41869 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41978 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42031 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42076 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42093 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42094 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42094 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42136 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42136 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42136 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42180 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42212 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42233 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42233 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42236 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42302 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42336 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42336 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42336 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42377 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42377 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42391 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42436 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42438 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42496 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42496 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42496 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42584 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42591 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42591 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42596 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42656 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42656 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42656 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42677 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42725 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42763 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42764 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42764 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42802 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42802 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42802 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42815 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42888 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42953 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42953 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42954 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42962 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42962 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42962 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43023 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43048 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43072 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43073 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43072 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43153 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43153 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43153 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43172 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43248 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43248 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43253 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43253 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43324 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43352 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43352 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43352 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43424 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43425 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43428 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43453 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43466 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43466 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43466 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43510 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43544 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43595 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43595 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43595 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43632 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43651 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43715 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43715 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43721 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43732 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43785 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43805 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43805 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43805 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43865 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43865 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43885 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43905 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43964 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43987 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43987 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43987 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44050 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44098 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44098 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44098 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44125 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44125 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44125 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44161 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44196 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44228 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44228 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44228 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44311 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44312 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44312 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44312 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44369 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44404 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44404 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44413 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44458 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44470 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44470 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44470 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44549 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44568 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44568 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44570 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44643 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44643 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44643 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44651 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44736 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44756 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44756 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44756 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44757 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44757 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44758 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44830 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44839 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44887 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44887 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44888 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44934 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44934 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44934 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44963 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44989 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45056 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45056 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45056 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45086 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45086 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45086 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45141 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45175 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45237 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45237 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45237 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45254 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45254 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45254 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45291 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45334 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45387 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45387 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45387 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45397 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45398 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45398 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45460 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45469 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45556 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45556 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45556 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45566 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45566 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45567 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45609 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45649 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45692 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45692 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45692 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45748 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45751 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45751 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45751 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45838 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45838 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45843 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45851 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45899 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45899 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45899 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45930 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45960 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46003 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46003 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46003 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46014 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46014 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46014 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46068 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46080 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46175 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46266 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46269 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46281 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46282 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46281 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46347 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46369 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46369 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46370 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46424 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46432 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46432 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46469 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46502 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46554 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46554 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46554 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46613 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46652 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46652 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46655 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46719 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46719 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46719 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46730 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46775 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46842 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46853 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46853 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46853 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46915 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46924 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46963 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46964 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47020 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47020 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47020 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47075 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47076 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47104 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47121 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47155 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47165 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47165 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47293 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47293 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47304 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47394 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47466 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47503 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K./dpp_DLF_semaphore -n 6[14Dmutex -n 6    [20Dmake                [16D./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6[?1l>[?2004l[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m ./dpp_DLF_oddeven -n 6[K
milliseconds elapsed:      0 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:      1 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:     56 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     56 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     57 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     59 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     62 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:     94 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    156 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    158 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    160 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    258 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    258 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    285 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    285 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    289 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    289 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    322 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    358 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    359 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    386 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    387 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    389 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    500 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    500 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    514 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    515 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    527 #  Round:   1 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    527 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    568 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    594 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    596 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    600 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    614 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    627 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    784 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    785 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    799 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    799 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    800 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:    801 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:    858 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    859 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    884 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    890 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:    899 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:    901 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1013 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1013 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1087 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1087 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1091 #  Round:   2 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1091 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1111 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1113 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1151 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1184 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1187 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1192 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1269 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1269 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1340 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1362 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1362 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1383 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1383 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1384 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1458 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1462 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1462 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1484 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1547 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1547 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1611 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1611 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1629 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1647 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1647 #  Round:   3 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1648 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1709 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1711 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1727 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1748 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1801 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1801 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1882 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1882 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1884 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1900 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1900 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1901 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   1968 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1978 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   1982 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2000 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2034 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2035 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2108 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2120 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2135 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2166 #  Round:   4 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2166 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2202 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2220 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2247 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2254 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2254 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2266 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2348 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2415 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2415 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2425 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2426 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2489 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2515 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2519 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2526 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2588 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2588 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2625 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2625 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2649 #  Round:   5 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2649 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2671 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2681 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2688 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2724 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2725 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2749 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2825 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2825 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2852 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2852 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2869 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2869 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2889 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2913 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2925 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2951 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   2952 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   2969 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3043 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3043 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3083 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3083 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3141 #  Round:   6 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3141 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3143 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3143 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3155 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3184 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3226 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3241 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3299 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3299 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3333 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3333 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3395 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3401 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3428 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3428 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3428 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3433 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3508 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3528 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3579 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3580 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3595 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3595 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3651 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3654 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3672 #  Round:   7 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3672 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3680 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3695 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3771 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3773 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3818 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3819 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3842 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3842 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3880 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3880 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3882 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3919 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3924 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3942 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   3943 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   3980 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4042 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4042 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4115 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4142 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4142 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4177 #  Round:   8 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4177 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4177 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4230 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4238 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4242 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4277 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4323 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4323 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4390 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4390 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4401 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4423 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4455 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4455 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4460 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4490 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4516 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4555 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4610 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4610 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4617 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4617 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4664 #  Round:   9 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4664 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4683 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4686 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4710 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4717 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4762 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4764 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4812 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4812 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4836 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4837 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4882 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4887 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4887 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4913 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4932 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4937 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   4937 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   4987 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5023 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5023 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5084 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5084 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5117 #  Round:  10 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5118 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5123 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5123 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5154 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5172 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5185 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5218 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5311 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5311 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5372 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5373 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5376 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5376 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5388 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5411 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5432 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5452 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5473 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5476 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5606 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5606 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5627 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5627 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5643 #  Round:  11 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5643 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5673 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5707 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5712 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5715 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5727 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5743 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5836 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5836 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5843 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5843 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5860 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5860 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5892 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5912 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5918 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   5937 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5943 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   5960 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6078 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6078 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6122 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6123 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6136 #  Round:  12 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6136 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6175 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6178 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6208 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6209 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6223 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6236 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6347 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6347 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6373 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6373 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6417 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6430 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6430 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6447 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6471 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6473 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6503 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6531 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6631 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6631 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6667 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6667 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6675 #  Round:  13 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6676 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6691 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6731 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6752 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6758 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6768 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6776 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6858 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6858 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6902 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6902 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6924 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   6935 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6935 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6958 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   6979 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7002 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7006 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7036 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7116 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7116 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7195 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7203 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7203 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7226 #  Round:  14 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7226 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7226 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7286 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7303 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7314 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7326 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7349 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7349 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7415 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7449 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7449 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7471 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7471 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7471 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7527 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7533 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7549 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7571 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7606 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7607 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7661 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7661 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7672 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7696 #  Round:  15 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7696 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7707 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7729 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7762 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7776 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7796 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7813 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7813 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7878 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7914 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7914 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7990 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7990 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   7990 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   7991 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8015 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8088 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8091 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8191 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8191 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8191 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8191 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8199 #  Round:  16 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8199 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8256 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8272 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8274 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8291 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8291 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8299 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8423 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8423 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8435 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8436 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8445 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8445 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8507 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8510 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8515 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8523 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8536 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8545 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8654 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8654 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8654 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8654 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8717 #  Round:  17 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8717 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8727 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8752 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8754 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8755 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8791 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8817 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8871 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8871 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8909 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8910 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8919 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8919 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8931 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   8971 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   8984 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9008 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9010 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9019 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9117 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9117 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9175 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9175 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9180 #  Round:  18 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9181 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9193 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9217 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9226 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9260 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9275 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9281 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9380 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9380 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9387 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9387 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9430 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9440 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9444 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9444 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9481 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9487 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9542 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9545 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9590 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9590 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9620 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9620 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9656 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9690 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9693 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  19 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9714 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9720 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9795 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9795 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9795 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9814 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9864 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9864 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9886 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9930 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9930 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9930 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:   9957 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:   9964 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10030 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10031 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10082 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10082 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10115 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10115 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10154 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10172 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10198 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10198 #  Round:  20 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10198 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10215 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10258 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10298 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10329 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10329 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10357 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10357 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10398 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10398 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10418 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10430 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10452 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10453 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10457 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10498 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10571 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10571 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10576 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10576 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10642 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10654 #  Round:  21 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10654 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10654 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10671 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10676 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10705 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10754 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10781 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10781 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10861 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10861 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10864 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10864 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10873 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10881 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10925 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10944 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  10961 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  10964 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11032 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11032 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11097 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11126 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11126 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11132 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11136 #  Round:  22 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11136 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11187 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11220 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11227 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11236 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11257 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11257 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11327 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11345 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11345 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11357 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11387 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11387 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11434 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11445 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11461 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11461 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11475 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11487 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11553 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11587 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11587 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11607 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11607 #  Round:  23 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11607 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11647 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11676 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11688 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11707 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11797 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11797 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11864 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11873 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11873 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11876 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11876 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11898 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11944 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11955 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  11974 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  11977 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12059 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12059 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12108 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12108 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12135 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12148 #  Round:  24 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12148 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12160 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12185 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12201 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12208 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12249 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12277 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12278 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12357 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12387 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12387 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12405 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12405 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12405 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12453 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12487 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12503 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12505 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12600 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12600 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12659 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12659 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12660 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12680 #  Round:  25 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12680 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12700 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12719 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12759 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12774 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12780 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12814 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12814 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12893 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12893 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12906 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12906 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12910 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12914 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  12957 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  12993 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13006 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13006 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13029 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13029 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13085 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13123 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13123 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13129 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13148 #  Round:  26 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13148 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13195 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13223 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13248 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13221 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13269 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13269 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13332 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13361 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13361 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13423 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13423 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13423 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13450 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13461 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13512 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13523 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13542 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13542 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13627 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13638 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13638 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13650 #  Round:  27 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13650 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13650 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13710 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13721 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13738 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13750 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13834 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13834 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13885 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  13905 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13905 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13924 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13924 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13934 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  13983 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14005 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14005 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14025 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14036 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14036 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14095 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14193 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14194 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14212 #  Round:  28 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14212 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14212 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14245 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14268 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14294 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14312 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14316 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14317 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14369 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14420 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14420 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14421 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14437 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14437 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14514 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14518 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14521 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14538 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14597 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14597 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14629 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14629 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14664 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14701 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14713 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14713 #  Round:  29 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14713 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14730 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14794 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14813 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14826 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14826 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14843 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14843 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14920 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14926 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14936 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  14979 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14979 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  14979 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15043 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15080 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15084 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15084 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15124 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15125 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15177 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15185 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15210 #  Round:  30 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15210 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15214 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15225 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15282 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15311 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15356 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15356 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15363 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15363 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15429 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15435 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15435 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15455 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15456 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15463 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15492 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15535 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15577 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15578 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15622 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15622 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15660 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15678 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15694 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15698 #  Round:  31 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15698 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15722 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15782 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15783 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15797 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15798 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15841 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15869 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15870 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15922 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15922 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15922 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15937 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  15970 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  15996 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16022 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16047 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16047 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16078 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16078 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16134 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16143 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16147 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16160 #  Round:  32 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16160 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16178 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16252 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16260 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16279 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16279 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16304 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16304 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16344 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16356 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16379 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16435 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16435 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16435 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16489 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16489 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16534 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16535 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16553 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16568 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16568 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16663 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16668 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16691 #  Round:  33 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16691 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16691 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16772 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16780 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16780 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16791 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16850 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16850 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16852 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16936 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  16950 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  16979 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17051 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17051 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17063 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17079 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17147 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17170 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17170 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17181 #  Round:  34 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17181 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17181 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17253 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17260 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17270 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17281 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17296 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17296 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17355 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17373 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17374 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17396 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17471 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17472 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17472 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17474 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17536 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17572 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17582 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17583 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17612 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17613 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17665 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17690 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17713 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17725 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17725 #  Round:  35 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17726 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17817 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17826 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17879 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17879 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17926 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17926 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17929 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  17967 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17968 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  17979 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18009 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18026 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18043 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18068 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18169 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18170 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18172 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18172 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18183 #  Round:  36 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18183 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18244 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18249 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18264 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18270 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18272 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18283 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18394 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18394 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18403 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18403 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18461 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18461 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18480 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18494 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18496 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18503 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18523 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18562 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18612 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18613 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18667 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18686 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18686 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18712 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18752 #  Round:  37 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18752 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18785 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18787 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18827 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18841 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18852 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18900 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  18916 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  18916 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19010 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19016 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19031 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19032 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19031 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19114 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19132 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19141 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19141 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19215 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19215 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19240 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19241 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19271 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19294 #  Round:  38 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19294 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19316 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19392 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19395 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19425 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19425 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19436 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19436 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19494 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19501 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19522 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19522 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19525 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19537 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19576 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19622 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19633 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19634 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19638 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19638 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19697 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19699 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19734 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19768 #  Round:  39 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19768 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19768 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19834 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19835 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19849 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19868 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19920 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  19948 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  19948 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20003 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20003 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20003 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20007 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20049 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20072 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20103 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20130 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20130 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20170 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20170 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20182 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20226 #  Round:  40 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20226 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20231 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20237 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20270 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20287 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20327 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20425 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20425 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20446 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20446 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20511 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20520 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20520 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20524 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20525 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20546 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20595 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20621 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20627 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20627 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20680 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20689 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20689 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20727 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20764 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20797 #  Round:  41 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20797 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20797 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20889 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  20898 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20914 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20915 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20917 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20917 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  20972 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21001 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21017 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21051 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21051 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21051 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21107 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21141 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21141 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21151 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21217 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21217 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21219 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21265 #  Round:  42 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21265 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21265 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21298 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21317 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21363 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21365 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21374 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21374 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21465 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21503 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21504 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21504 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21561 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21561 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21564 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21604 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21614 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21651 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21651 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21662 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21743 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21743 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21743 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21840 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21843 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21857 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21857 #  Round:  43 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21858 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21920 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  21957 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21971 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  21971 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22042 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22042 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22072 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22128 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22128 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22128 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22133 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22143 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22218 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22228 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22272 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22272 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22286 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22286 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22322 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22356 #  Round:  44 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22356 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22369 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22372 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22386 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22419 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22456 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22489 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22490 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22527 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22527 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22590 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22590 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22607 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22613 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22613 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22627 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22674 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22714 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22751 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22751 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22770 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22770 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22805 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22846 #  Round:  45 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22846 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22851 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22864 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22870 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  22919 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  22946 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23014 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23015 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23025 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23026 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23089 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23094 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23126 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23129 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23129 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23129 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23186 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23229 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23234 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23234 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23299 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23321 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23321 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23366 #  Round:  46 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23366 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23366 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23401 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23421 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23448 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23466 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23526 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23526 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23568 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23568 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23589 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23589 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23589 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23626 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23648 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23663 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23669 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23690 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23758 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23758 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23787 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23787 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23826 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23834 #  Round:  47 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23835 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23859 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23877 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23887 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23910 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  23935 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23993 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  23993 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24052 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24053 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24057 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24080 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24080 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24093 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24105 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24149 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24153 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24180 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24270 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24270 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24275 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24276 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24346 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24365 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24369 #  Round:  48 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24369 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24370 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24376 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24419 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24469 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24504 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24504 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24553 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24553 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24568 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24569 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24570 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24604 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24631 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24634 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24653 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24670 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24731 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24732 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24801 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24827 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24827 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24862 #  Round:  49 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24862 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24863 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24927 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24927 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24960 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  24964 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24966 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  24966 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25038 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25063 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25063 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25066 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25105 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25105 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25153 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25163 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25178 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25205 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25258 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25258 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25287 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25287 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25355 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25357 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25387 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25390 #  Round:  50 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25390 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25390 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25457 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25490 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25531 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25531 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25585 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25589 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25589 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25657 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25657 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25657 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25687 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25689 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25736 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25757 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25809 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25809 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25846 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25846 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25870 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25910 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25928 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  25952 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25952 #  Round:  51 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  25953 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26052 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26052 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26092 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26092 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26111 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26111 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26190 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26190 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26191 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26192 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26203 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26211 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26256 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26291 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26345 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26346 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26393 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26393 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26402 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26459 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26468 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26468 #  Round:  52 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26468 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26493 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26549 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26568 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26634 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26634 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26660 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26661 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26713 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26720 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26724 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26724 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26735 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26761 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26824 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26824 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26879 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26879 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26908 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26908 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  26963 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  26976 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27002 #  Round:  53 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27002 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27002 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27008 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27083 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27102 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27114 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27115 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27168 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27168 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27197 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27223 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27223 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27223 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27235 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27268 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27288 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27324 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27335 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27335 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27392 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27394 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27395 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27435 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27452 #  Round:  54 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27452 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27481 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27495 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27524 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27543 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27543 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27552 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27597 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27637 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27638 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27724 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27724 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27724 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27724 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27737 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27785 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  27825 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27905 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27905 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27923 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27924 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27938 #  Round:  55 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27938 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  27970 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28000 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28006 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28019 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28024 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28038 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28142 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28142 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28154 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28154 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28187 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28188 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28206 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28223 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28242 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28254 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28279 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28288 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28387 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28442 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28469 #  Round:  56 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28469 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28486 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28487 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28487 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28535 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28569 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28625 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28625 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28630 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28630 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28688 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28705 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28725 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28731 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28731 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28731 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28802 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28831 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28841 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28842 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28875 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28875 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  28918 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28930 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  28942 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29024 #  Round:  57 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29024 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29024 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29114 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29124 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29135 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29135 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29136 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29136 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29189 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29233 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29235 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29302 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29303 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29302 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29395 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29400 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29400 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29403 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29459 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29497 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29497 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29511 #  Round:  58 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29511 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29511 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29551 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29573 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29597 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29611 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29677 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29677 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29741 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29741 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29762 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29775 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29775 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29777 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29803 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29828 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  29842 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29875 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29908 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29908 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  29983 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30025 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30025 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30027 #  Round:  59 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30027 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30027 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30094 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30115 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30125 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30127 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30206 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30206 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30285 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30293 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30293 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30321 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30321 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30321 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30359 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30394 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30401 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30422 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30444 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30444 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30530 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30530 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30537 #  Round:  60 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30537 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30540 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30544 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30587 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30624 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30630 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30637 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30709 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30709 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30751 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30751 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30758 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30759 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30773 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30809 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30814 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30835 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  30851 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30859 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30965 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30965 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30986 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30986 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30996 #  Round:  61 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  30996 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31055 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31065 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31065 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31076 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31086 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31096 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31190 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31190 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31198 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31199 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31213 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31213 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31249 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31265 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31276 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31290 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31299 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31313 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31419 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31420 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31432 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31432 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31477 #  Round:  62 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31477 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31490 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31520 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31522 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31532 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31535 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31577 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31685 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31686 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31703 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31703 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31769 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31769 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31782 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31786 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31792 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31803 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31842 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  31869 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31919 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31920 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31951 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  31951 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32002 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32006 #  Round:  63 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32006 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32008 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32019 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32051 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32076 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32106 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32189 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32189 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32214 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32214 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32245 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32272 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32283 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32283 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32290 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32314 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32375 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32383 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32419 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32419 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32460 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32460 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32501 #  Round:  64 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32501 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32514 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32519 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32544 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32560 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32570 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32601 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32666 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32666 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32684 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32685 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32729 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32745 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32745 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32766 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32769 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32785 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32815 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32845 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32896 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32896 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32919 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32919 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  32985 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32986 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  32996 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33004 #  Round:  65 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33004 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33019 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33064 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33104 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33140 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33141 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33180 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33180 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33212 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33231 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33231 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33235 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33241 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33280 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33306 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33332 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33344 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33344 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33399 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33426 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33426 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33444 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33523 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33527 #  Round:  66 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33527 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33527 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33551 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33551 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33582 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33627 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33651 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33687 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33688 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33762 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33788 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33805 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33805 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33805 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33900 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  33905 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33935 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33935 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33993 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  33993 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34020 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34050 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34077 #  Round:  67 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34077 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34077 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34093 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34130 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34177 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34198 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34198 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34258 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34258 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34288 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34298 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34322 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34332 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34332 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34359 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34423 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34432 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34450 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34450 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34507 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  68 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34544 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34550 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34613 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34638 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34644 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34644 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34679 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34679 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34730 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34838 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34838 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34845 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34845 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34845 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34923 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34926 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  34938 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  34945 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35018 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35018 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35095 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35102 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35102 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35118 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35120 #  Round:  69 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35120 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35172 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35202 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35205 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35221 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35241 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35241 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35294 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35397 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35397 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35404 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35405 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35405 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35463 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35481 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35497 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35505 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35522 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35522 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35578 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35652 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35653 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35687 #  Round:  70 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35687 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35687 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35729 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35753 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35759 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35788 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35871 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35872 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35878 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35878 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35934 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35934 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35950 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35959 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  35972 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  35978 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36021 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36034 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36122 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36122 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36128 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36128 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36162 #  Round:  71 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36162 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36178 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36211 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36222 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36228 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36243 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36262 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36349 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36349 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36392 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36392 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36401 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36424 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36424 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36449 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36471 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36492 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36508 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36524 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36598 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36598 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36640 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36640 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36651 #  Round:  72 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36652 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36659 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36698 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36705 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36718 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36740 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36752 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36854 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36854 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36896 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36896 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36904 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36924 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36924 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36954 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  36974 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  36996 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37003 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37024 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37118 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37118 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37180 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37181 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37181 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37195 #  Round:  73 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37196 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37218 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37258 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37268 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37281 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37296 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37328 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37328 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37386 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37386 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37395 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37466 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37486 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37491 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37491 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37491 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37563 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37591 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37614 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37614 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37626 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37626 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37698 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37699 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37726 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37748 #  Round:  74 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37748 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37748 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37805 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37849 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37877 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37877 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37894 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37895 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37953 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37977 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37987 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  37988 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37988 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  37995 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38082 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38088 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38118 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38118 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38160 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38161 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38214 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38220 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38252 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38252 #  Round:  75 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38252 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38261 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38349 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38352 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38409 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38409 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38422 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38423 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38458 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38459 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38490 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38498 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38509 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38512 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38523 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38558 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38633 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38634 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38658 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38658 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38687 #  Round:  76 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38687 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38714 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38720 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38734 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38758 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38759 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38787 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38868 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38868 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38872 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38872 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38935 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38957 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  38958 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38958 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38968 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  38972 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39048 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39058 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39074 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39075 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39093 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39093 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39134 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39175 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39193 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39218 #  Round:  77 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39218 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39218 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39316 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39318 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39364 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39364 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39389 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39389 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39418 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39418 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39455 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39458 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39464 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39489 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39499 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39518 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39586 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39587 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39639 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39678 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39679 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39684 #  Round:  78 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39687 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39687 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39753 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39763 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39779 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39784 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39840 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39840 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39883 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39883 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39914 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39940 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39956 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39956 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  39968 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  39983 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40027 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40057 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40126 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40126 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40163 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40164 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40214 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40233 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40255 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40255 #  Round:  79 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40255 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40264 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40333 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40355 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40426 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40426 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40427 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40427 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40496 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40496 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40512 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40524 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40526 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40528 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40594 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40596 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40655 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40656 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40676 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40676 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40735 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40752 #  Round:  80 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40753 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40755 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40756 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40776 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40838 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  40853 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40905 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40905 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40925 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40925 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  40973 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41005 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41017 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41036 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41036 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41036 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41134 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41136 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41145 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41145 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41173 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41174 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41227 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41271 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41274 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41281 #  Round:  81 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41281 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41281 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41347 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41381 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41430 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41430 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41442 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41442 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41482 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41483 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41506 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41520 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41531 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41533 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41542 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41583 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41671 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41671 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41692 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41692 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41743 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41748 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41749 #  Round:  82 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41749 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41771 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41792 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41806 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41849 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41902 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41902 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41950 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41951 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41969 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  41999 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  41999 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42002 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42039 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42051 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42098 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42099 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42175 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42175 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42176 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42176 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42255 #  Round:  83 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42255 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42265 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42273 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42275 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42276 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42333 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42355 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42378 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42378 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42465 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42472 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42472 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42478 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42478 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42479 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42541 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42558 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42572 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42579 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42607 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42608 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42674 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42674 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42702 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42713 #  Round:  84 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42713 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42713 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42765 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42774 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42783 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42813 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42854 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42854 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42927 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42927 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42947 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  42948 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42948 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42954 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  42980 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43027 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43041 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43048 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43074 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43075 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43168 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43177 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43177 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43248 #  Round:  85 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43249 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43249 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43269 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43277 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43313 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43349 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43423 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43423 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43451 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43452 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43474 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43512 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43512 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43517 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43523 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43552 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43586 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43613 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43677 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43677 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43717 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43717 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43729 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43778 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43786 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43808 #  Round:  86 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43808 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43817 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43904 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  43909 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43914 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43914 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43975 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43975 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  43995 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44013 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44013 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44014 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44075 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44075 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44078 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44113 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44166 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44166 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44227 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44227 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44227 #  Round:  87 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44227 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44250 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44266 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44311 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44320 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44327 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44327 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44393 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44394 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44472 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44497 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44497 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44497 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44509 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44509 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44555 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44598 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44601 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44601 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44602 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44609 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44676 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44743 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44743 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44805 #  Round:  88 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44805 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44805 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44831 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44843 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44880 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  44905 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44956 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44956 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44978 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  44978 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45007 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45048 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45048 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45057 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45069 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45078 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45139 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45148 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45204 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45205 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45209 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45210 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45269 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45277 #  Round:  89 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45277 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45301 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45305 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45310 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45345 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45377 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45490 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45490 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45497 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45497 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45507 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45507 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45564 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45583 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45590 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45597 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45600 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45607 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45719 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45719 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45729 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45729 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45770 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45789 #  Round:  90 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45789 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45820 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45825 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45830 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45864 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  45889 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45943 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45943 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45986 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  45986 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46000 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46051 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46085 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46085 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46085 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46086 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46183 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46185 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46221 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46221 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46225 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46225 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46290 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46290 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46322 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46356 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46356 #  Round:  91 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46356 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46410 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46456 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46496 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46496 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46508 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46508 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46549 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46596 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46600 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46635 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46635 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46635 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46731 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46735 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46744 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46744 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46747 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46747 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46797 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46835 #  Round:  92 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46835 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46835 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46844 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46847 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46889 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  46935 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46982 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46982 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46999 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  46999 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47071 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47079 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47099 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47105 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47105 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47105 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47158 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47205 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47258 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47258 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47289 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47289 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47314 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47350 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47385 #  Round:  93 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47385 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47385 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47390 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47467 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47485 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47492 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47492 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47516 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47516 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47586 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47590 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47616 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47620 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47620 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47620 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47700 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47720 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47769 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47770 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47789 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47789 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47832 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47844 #  Round:  94 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47844 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47870 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47872 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47890 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  47932 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  47944 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48030 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48030 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48079 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48079 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48111 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48131 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48137 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48137 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48158 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48179 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48194 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48237 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48296 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48296 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48328 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48328 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48347 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48368 #  Round:  95 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48368 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48396 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48425 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48429 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48453 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48468 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48529 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48529 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48553 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48553 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48595 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48606 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48606 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48630 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48650 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48653 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48680 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48706 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48763 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48763 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48819 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48846 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48846 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48887 #  Round:  96 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48887 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48887 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48918 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48946 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  48960 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  48987 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49036 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49037 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49105 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49112 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49113 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49126 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49126 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49137 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49168 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49189 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49213 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49226 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49295 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49295 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49357 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49365 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49365 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49382 #  Round:  97 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49382 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49396 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49442 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49450 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49465 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49482 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49507 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49507 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49576 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49605 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49605 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49616 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49616 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49616 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49665 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49705 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49705 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49716 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49795 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49796 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49834 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49834 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49861 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49900 #  Round:  98 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49900 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49900 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49922 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  49934 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  49990 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50001 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50029 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50029 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50096 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50129 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50129 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50129 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50189 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50189 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50202 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50229 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50254 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50255 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50284 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50289 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50340 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50340 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50345 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50427 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50435 #  Round:  99 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50435 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering THINKING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50435 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50440 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50524 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering HUNGRY state
milliseconds elapsed:  50535 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50583 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 2 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50635 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 6 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50685 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 4 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50685 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50736 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50786 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering EATING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50786 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 3 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50859 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 1 entering LEAVING state
milliseconds elapsed:  50912 #  Round: 100 #  Philosopher 5 entering LEAVING state
[1m[7m%[27m[1m[0m                                                                                                                                                     [0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?1h=[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004h[0m[27m[24m[J[34m~/D/C/Lab 7 [1m[31m‚ùØ[33m‚ùØ[32m‚ùØ[39m[0m [K[?2004l

Script done on Monday 24 September 2018 04:55:52 PM IST
